# Travel Blog - Gabriel Montes
## Dates December 2025 - June 2026

Welcome to my travel blog. Here is just a space to journal my thouhgts, and expeiences from January 2026 until I begin full time work in August 2026. I plan to journal here on my experiences in the different countries that I visit during this time and on any thoughts that I feel worth writing down. I was always weakest in english and composition type classes going through school so my expectations are low for my writing in this blog, however I want to take this blog as a chance to develop those skills because I do feel that composition is a powerful and useful skill. I'll occasionally write an essay on a topic if I really feel like it.

## Location 1 - Leadville, Colorado, USA

After graduating and spending time with my family up until Christmas, I left for Colorado to couch surf with friends in Leadville, Colorado. Leadville is located near Copper Mountain, a popular ski resort, where I plan to snowboard most days while here. Having had these friends for a while, I have already visited the mountains twice before to learn how to snowboard and meet many friends of my friends.

### December 31 2025 - Wednesday

I spent the last few days mostly snowboarding or actively spending time with friends (playing board games, playing bar games, drinking, eating, watching shows and watching movies). When I catch myself awake when nobody else is, I would leave to a local coffee shop to work on developing this blog and doing technical work for fun. Many of the people in my social circle around leadville work at Copper Mountain, which has much of its work in maintaining the skiing areas done at night, so their sleep schedules are pretty crazy. My friends are really into pro football unlike me thus giving me plenty of down time to also build this website and code while ignoring the borderline gluttunous amount of football that these guys can watch on Sundays. 

### January 1 2026 - Thursday

Happy New Year! Of course, I spent the night out with friends at a local bar in Leadville called Past Times. The local history of the Leadville as an old western mining town is really visible in almost every part of the town. This was super noticable at Past Times with the classic bar games like pool, darts, and shuffleboard in the far half of the bar and a typical college bar in the near half to the entrance with crappy mixed drinks, a young crowd and an EDM DJ setup with strobelights and loudspeakers contrasting the old western saloon aestethic of the building. Things also felt different being in a small town with most people there being at most one degree of seperation from me through my handful of local friends. This  made the bar feel more like a frat party where everyone has some relation to each other through knowing a brother where all I had to do was name drop 'Titatanium Joe', and someone will probably know who I am.

I woke up earlier than the others today, like I typically do, so I came to my favorite local cafe, City on a Hill, and wrote up this post. I cataloged a few mathy type blogs that I want to read as I spend my time exploring math and programming for fun. It's about time for me to go skiing and I'm hoping my writing will become more effortless so I can both develop these skills and write these posts more efficiently leaving me to do coding, math and language stuff. 

### January 2 2026 - Friday

Today, I am actually trying to build my optimal routine in Leadville for maximizing the value that I get out of this month. I intentially woke up early, so I could come to my cafe and do a little math or programming after I finish writing up this post. We got a few inches of snow, so I am excited about the snowboarding conditions on the mountain. I am trying to leave this cafe around 8am to try and get to the mountain before all of the fresh snow gets skiied out by the other skiiers. 

#### Thoughts on discipline

I've been thinking a good bit about the necesity of discipline for leading a fulfilling life. I have a season pass across many ski resorts so it does not bother me too much to show up to the mountain late and only get a handful of runs down the mountain and take a more chill day. For completely avoidable reasons, we got to the mountain around 2:15pm when skiing closes at 4pm and some friends of friends had to buy full day passes for full day prices to get about a eighth of a day of skiing. I bring this up not to try and shame anyone, but to add context that this experience shows me that I think these avoidable reasons just boiled down to lacking discipline and being lazy about getting up to go skiing and organizing logistics beforehand. Normally, people would argue that you can take a break from being disciplined when on vacation, but this experience seems to point to the opposite. 

 We normally think about discipline as something painful that you use to achieve your goals; sticking to a workout regiment, eating less tasty but more healthy food, and finishing up your work when you really want to go home and watch netflix. This seems to be the typical un-fun examples of discipline that come to mind where we do something unpleasant that we know is good for us, figuratively 'eating our vegetables'. However, I want to clarify to myself the idea that discipline is also necessary to wake up early to have a great day skiing, to chose to read your favorite book instead of mindlessly scrolling instagram and, for me, walk through the cold to my favorite cafe instead of sitting on the couch and binging my fifth rewatch of the Fallout show. Here dicipline still gives us some level of discomfort to realize some net gain in value, but it seems like the idea that we tie discipline solely to the discomfortable part of these decisions is leaving out a critical part of the equation. This makes me think that discipline should not be tied only to the act of paying, but we should try to associate it more with the pleasant parts where we reap the rewards of our discipline. More formally, discipline allows us to extract leveraged value from accepting some discomforts. Thus to me, it is more useful and accurate to view discipline as our strength to excert our own will power to reach for the things that we want. 
 
 Furthermore, this view on discipline seems most consistent with my outlook on my own current situation in life. Intuitively, it is obvious that I should not waste this unique time in my life where I have youth, extended freetime and financing by bed-rotting on my phone and binging 100 different shows, but I should exert my will on my life through discipline and go travel to see friends, wake up early to go skiing and spend my money on these great experiences when I would rather save or invest it. Contrary to the popular concensus on discipline, from my reasoning, I should take this time off and the uniqueness of this time in my life to go out and be as disciplined as possible so that I can gain as much value out of this time rather than just 'take it easy' like I saw my friends do when they dragged their feet getting to the skiing. 

### January 3 2026 - Saturday

I woke up early joined one of the friends roommates onto the slopes. I am confident snowboarding and controlling myself as I go down the mountain. The next step for me is to work on riding switch which is the opposite orientation as I am used to, gain confident hitting small jumps, and attempting a jump switch where you just jump up and do a 180 degree turn. We snowboarded for about 3 runs before the line for one lift started would stretch to another lift. We both have Ikon season passes so we just called it and got home after a light day of snowboarding before noon.

I learned there is a pretty nice gym that is walking distance from me so I'll likely buy a membership and soon. Most of the people in Leadville that I know work on weekends so there is not a lot to do tonight. 

### January 4 2026 - Sunday

Most people that I know are taking a break from skiing to watch football today since they ski most of the season anyways. This works for me since I recently have gained a good bit of confidence skiing and I started snowboarding more intensely. Because of this, my muscles and joints are feeling more sore so a day off will do me some good. 

I also noticed a good bit of large promotions in sports betting ads that I would see in the football my friends were watching. Exploiting these promotions to give myself arb or a positive EV to finance my future travels seems like a valuable exercise dealing with variance and market mechanics leading into my trading job. 

I am fully aware that these promotions are designed to get people hooked on gambling and I am confident that I can analyze and intellectualize these bets to the point where it will feel like homework thus taking the addictive thrill out of gambling. Also since I intend to view this as an academic exercise I will likely be gambling on events that are more obscure which I do NOT plan to watch, unless I can find a compelling reason to bet on popular events(i.e tighter spreads). This will likely also cut down on the addictivness of the gambling and even if these bets are being placed on popular events like the super bowl I plan to arb out any risk so that I am hedged given the outcome and I only collect the edge that is guaranteed from my strategy. This strategy will only work while I am in Colorado since gambling on these sites are only legal in certain states, so after a month, when I leave Colorado, I must cash out and stop sports bettin. This will likely give me enough time to exploit the new "customer" offers and not give enough time for the gambling sites to catch on to my activities and thus ban me. I will publish my strategy and thoughts in a technical blog post, so look there if you would like to see more about my approach to this. 

### January 5 2026 - Monday

Decent out on the mountain. I was able to hitch a ride to and from the mountain around the beginning and end of the day so I spent the whole day snowboarding and listening to 'flash boys' on audio book. It's just nerdy enough to stop me from giving off any cool ski bum vibes. My friends and I went to a local steakhouse, Quincy's, and had an incredible meal for like 30$ with watermelon margaritas that were unnecessarily good. The restaurant had one thing on the menu: Steak. The menu did give us the option of 4 sizes, how well done we want it, and that was it. The cut of steak is determined by the weekday and that is my favorite type of restaurant.  

### January 6 2026 - Tuesday

It was still my friend's weekend and it snowed the night before so everyone was excited to go to the mountain and enjoy the 'pow day'. I enjoyed the powder and got worked super hard going over moguls. I then let myself get talked into going to another local restaurant, The Famous. This is one of my favorite Italian restaurant(including the one's I visited in Italy). It was a good meal even though I was sore I got to come home and fall off rainbow road while playing Mario Kart with the roommates of where I was staying.

### January 7 2026 - Wednesday

I was sore and had plenty of skiing so I skipped going to Copper Mountain. I decided to actual implement the sports betting arbitraging strategy to exploit new player promotions. It was pretty scary moving around the amount of money that I was moving, but I ended up making a tidy profit on a few promos.

 I also got more comfortable making smaller plays for little bits of arbitrage across sites which is good because I am going to need to make much bigger plays with some of the larger promos before these sites figure out what I am doing and ban me. My goals are to analyze data to find a way to smartly gamble short parlay's which these sites like to advertise a lot because parlays make a lot of money for these sites(and lose a lot for their customers). I also want to find a scheme for trading live. Live trading seems more risky as the numbers are moving constantly and execution speed is both crucial and limited, making it a good exercise. I will not trade anything besides arbitrage on promos until I thoroughly understand these other bet types and make a technical post about it.

### January 8 2026 - Thursday

The plan was, I wake up, go to a coffee shop, snowboard a little, hitch a ride back to Leadville, do some coding or math. I went to City on a Hill, snowboarded for about 2 or 3 hours. I went off my first park jump with the technique of a 5 year old. Then I did some normal snowboarding and had a pretty bad fall. I was going around 20-25mph, by my guess, and I must have caught my front edge trying a little ollie, and suddenly I was sliding face down on some packed snow with my limbs making a huge X with my body. The fall shook me a bit and was unpleasant, but after the 5 seconds of gliding on the snow I checked my body and had no sharp pains and was a little worried about hitting my head on the snow. Every check I did on myself told me I didn't have a concussion so I was fine and I had a little bit of pain on my left wrist, but nothing bad.

I then went on a ride along with my friend in a snowcat and got to see what he does for work after the mountain closed. Specialized heavy machinery is alwasy pretty cool to see, and it had bluetooth so we could listen to Japanese learning podcasts through his shift like it was a road trip. My wrist started feeling worse and worse as the shift continued to the point that I was worried it was broken by the time I went to bed.

### January 9 2026

I spent the day in and did not go snowboarding to let my wrist heal. I worked on my sports betting arbitrage blog and executing my arbitrage strategy. My wrist healed surprisingly quickly making me hopefuly that the injury is just a sprain and that it will be all healed up in time for my upcoming trip to Japan. I tried going for a run, but quickly postponed those plans after feeling the 0 degree air temp.

### January 10 2026

I woke up earlier than the day before, arbed a few sportsbook promos and went to my cafe to write here. Wrist feels better and I will test it out tomorrow morning to see if it healed. 

### January 11 2026

I also stayed in a coded. I spent time looking at my sports betting promo strategy and did some leetcode and went for a run. Altitude was no joke.

### January 12 2026 

I went snowboarding today. I was able to hitch a ride there and back. I did not take as many risks, so it was not as fun when I feel myself pushing my limits. I think I just need to snowboard more to get comfortable pushing myself again. 

### January 13 2026 - Tuesday 

I slept poorly the night before so I did not snowboard because I am especially scared about injuring myself after this scare with my wrist. All but one of the people living in the house where I am staying are gone, so I spent most of the day with them and went to trivia at a local bar. I met some locals, both of which are in a run club so I will try and join them next week. 


### January 15 2026 - Thursday 

Woke up, went snowboarding for a bit. Snow was hard and icy. I went over a rock and had a goofy wipe out. Thankfully, myself and the board were not damaged.

### January 16 2026 - Friday

Temperature was in the single digits to teens not accounting for windchill. There was no snow fall making this the worst year ever recorded at Copper Mountain for snowfall which is really important for skiing. It was also overcast giving what is called 'flat light'. Flat light just means that the sunlight is not strong enough to give shadows on the snow when you are riding, making the ground look like a plain sheet of white with no detectable features. This can be pretty dangerous to not be able to make out features in the snow when you are riding and can hit a random drop, groove, or jump. 

Needless to say, I opted against riding and just stayed in and played a little chess. 

### January 17 2026 - Saturday

Went skiing with a one of the roommates

### January 18 2026 - Sunday

Went skiing with some of the roommates and a new roommates new situationship. This gave me a courtside seat to the small town drama that is going on. 

### January 19 2026 - Monday

Went Skiing with dudes that live in Leadville. Ended the night going to a local steakhouse then going to a camp fire.

### January 20 2026 - Tuesday

Stayed in and just went for a run. The run was about 5k at elevation which completely destroyed me physically, but I was proud of the accomplishment. I then went to trivia and hijacked a roommates phone talking to one of their friends about anime. One of the roommates also picked up anime which I have not watched in a while, so we enjoyed watching some full metal alchemist brotherhood these past few evenings after their work.


### January 21 2026 - Wednesday 

Went skiing with one of the roommates and their new girlfriend. Looks like they tried to set me up with one of the friends who had recurring problem with a situationship. Nothing happened lol.

### January 22 2026 - Thursday

Stayed in again and did a 5k later in the evening. I watched a few speeches from the world economic forum this year. The rhetoric and sentiments being expressed by world leaders were really interesting me as I am getting into monitoring the political and economic state of the world. While listening I repaired an old beaten up snowboard that I bought for $20. A normal price for a snowboard is around $300.

### January 23 2026 - Friday 

Going riding after waking up early with a roommate. Its extra cold today so I might grab a hot coffee at the resort. My sister and mom are coming to town for the weekend, so I will meet them at their rental house this evening when they arrive. My sister and mom flew in late this night. We are staying in a nearby airbnb, so I get to sleep in a bed for the first time all month.  

### January 24 2026 - Saturday

I showed my favorite coffee shop to my sister and mom who loved it and the cute town of Leadville, CO. I then took my sister to Copper mtn and struck her a good deal on rentals and day passes for the two days that she would be skiing. She ended up needing to buy goggles after getting the rental supplies which really bugged me. Also during this time the central and eastern US is being hit by a big winter storm, so we just got a lot of snow and the snow is the best it's been all month with a good layer of fresh powder. The storm also dropped the temperature to the teens for the day when we were skiing, but our gear was good enough so this wasn't an issue. 

 She skis and I snowboard, so there was little advice I could give her to coach her down the mountain. I had to stick with her as she was getting comfortable skiing down the green runs. I had only ever experienced this combination as the noobie trying to figure out skiing and this was the first time I got to act as the experienced coach who is kinda itching to just ride at my pace, but I couldn't because I was not willing to abandon someone who is learning to ski on the mountain. Overall, I had a good time and was able to practice a couple tricks and jumps that made sense to practice at the slow speeds I needed to keep to not get away from my sister. 

 After skiing with my sister, we went to a local restaurant with my mom. My sister and I then went to see live music at a local bar and met with a bunch of our local friends and some who came up from Denver. 

 ### January 25 2026 - Sunday

Upon waking up, my sister and I checked the forcaste and saw that the high was -2 Fahrenheit. We bundled up, ate breakfast and went to the mountain so my sister can get her money's worth on the passes and rentals that she bought for the day. Thankfully lines were short and my sister was keeping up with me much better than the day before. I pressured her to go down a blue run which she was initially scared to attempt, but after only falling once  on the blue run she was glad that I pushed her with that run.

We got lunch, moved me back into my couch and said goodbye. 

### January 26 - 28 2026

The snow was bad so I just spend my time lounging around, drinking coffee and spending time with the people I'd soon be leaving. I do a little calisthenics when I get bored, and I just got my main stats up to 50 consecutive push ups and I am now doing a plank for the entire runtime of Bruno Mars' 'I just might' song which is almost exactly 3min 30sec. I will be leaving on the 29th on a 7am flight, so I will need to wake up at 3am, and at that point I'll just stay up so I can try and sleep on the flight. 

### January 29 2026 - Thursday

I travelled all day basically and did not see the sunset until the following day. I took a flight from Denver and connected through LAX onto a flight bound for Tokyo.Firstly, we had to drive about 3 hours from Leadville to Denver before boarding our first flight.  The first flight was uneventful and I fell asleep for maybe an hour or so and read a little on the plane. We got off at LAX and had about an hour layover. Los Angeles seemed like the homeland of girly sweet overpriced coffee drinks so I got myself a creme brulee latte that I soon regretted and an overpriced bland burrito with my travel buddies.

We then go on the flight to Tokyo. I sat next to a group of 19 year old kids who were going on a group trip to Japan for a week. They didn't all look like redit mod weebs, but the loudest dude in their group would regularly and incorrectly repeat common Japanese phrases that he undoubtedly heard from animes, like 'itadakimas', and 'arigato ozima'. This group of dudes was pretty funny in my opinion, so I didn't really mind that they were somewhat boisterous and obviously excited for their Japan trip. 

We crossed the international date line and I got some cool pictures of the Aleutian islands out the window seat that I somewhat regretted getting. I only got to look out the window for a good 20-30min since we mostly flew over the ocean. 

## Location 2 - Tokyo, Japan

### January 30 - Friday

We crossed the international date line and I spent the last 4 hours of my flight trying to learn Hiragana which is one of the 3 scripts that are locally used in Japan. My travel buddies and I landed in Japan and we were tired and wanted to put down our bags in our airbnb.

 We tried as a group to figure out the Tokyo subway system with all of our ski equipment in hand. This was probably the most complicated public transit system I had experienced and in a much more foreign language than anything I saw when studying abroad in Europe 3 summers ago. I quickly learned that one of the other guys in our group had a much faster walking pace when he was able to board a train before we noticed, I got to watch the train doors close and serparate us in the Tokyo metro station - Wildly Hilarious after a 16 hours of travelling. Eventually, we made it to our place in Shinjuku, put our stuff down, and went out for some drinks and food to celebrate the beginning of our trip. 

 We really just walked into the first 2 restaurants we saw and could get away with pointing to the menu to order. We then decided to go to the famous bar district Kabukicho. All the bars we saw on the street had touts that were trying to bring you in which we could see as the red flag that it was, so we ironically avoided every bar because they were trying really hard. We tried to leave in the direction of our place without wanting to stop to look up the directions to prevent someone coming up and pressuring us to do something sleezy or just get scammed. We ended up looping around a few times and never went into any of those bars and each got offered happy endings at least once per loop. 

 We then eventually left that street, oriented ourselves and started home and eventually followed a group of local looking people into a building and then an elevator. Each floor in the building had its own business, first we visited a bar that only took Japanese speakers, so we went to see another floor. The next floor was another bar that took gaijin like us and the waitresses wore only slightly more revealing uniforms that what you would see at a typical Panama City Beach bar. The hostess was a tuxedoed man who offered us not a price per drink, but a rate per hour. I understood, and it took a minute for the other guys to figure out what kind of bar we were at. We were somewhat interested, but it seemed like a waste to pay for a hostess who probably doesn't speak english, so we carried on. Keep in mind every time we visit a new floor we need to go up and down the elevator, and each time the initial bar that refused us was visited by the other people in the elevator so they got to see us in the elevator several times in the background. The next floor we tried ended up being a restuarant. We were not hungry so we stayed in the elevator and decided to leave. Before leaving the other people went to the top undescript floor that had a secret gambling rooms in it. The room was closing soon so we were not able to hop into a game of poker, so we called it and just went home to get some good sleep. 

### January 31 - Saturday

The rest of the group minus one would be arriving in Tokyo that day, so we all planned to go out again. This is the main reason we called it after a fairly uneventful night yesterday. 

In the morning we went to a cute little cafe where we got cube pastries, matcha lattes and some of the most insane french toast of my life. I ordered with one of the dozen or so Japanese words that I knew. Then we took a train over to go see the imperial palace and walked around the area only to learn that the main palace building was closed for the day and I couldn't force my way into the castle area thanks to the impressive moat and defensive structures - I'll remember to bring a siege tower next time. 

We then went to the fish market, and got some tuna and impulse bought a bunch of tuna sushi, beer and skewers. We then went to the top of Tokyo Tower, took some pictures then returned to our airbnb to rest a bit before welcoming the rest of our party. The fourth person in our airbnb arrived and it was hilarious seeing thie 6'5" frat bro from Auburn Alabama fit himself into doorwars that are 5'10" high and a bathroom that is at most 1 square meter. 

The foursome in our airbnb went to get some omakase with drinks of course. It was about as good sushi as I'd ever had, but I don't think it was worth the cost.

Writing this a few days after the fact, I genuinely think sushi is one of the most overrated dishes in the world - theres only so much you can do with raw fish and it hardly ever tastes any different or interesting. Sushi to me either tastes moderately good like with tuna where the flavor is mild and has a creamy texture or has an uncomfortable texture or flavor like with most fish that weren't the tuna. Even in the best case scenario a mild flavor and creamy texture does not impress me and I think a meal has to do a bit more than just be two incredibly basic ingredients placed together - no matter how good the branding is. That being said I made sure to eat every kind of sushi at least once to see if I can see why people speak so highly about sushi - I did not see it. We almost finished our tray, and I was only one to eat every kind of sushi which I know for certain because I was the only one to eat the tamago. We then left for bars to meet the rest of the party.

We met at a random Jazz bar. Then moved to a Japanese Barbeque place ate our fill of hot and tasty food and then went out to a karaoke place. This kind of karaoke gave private rooms with a required drink purchase we were all for. We got drinks and had a bunch of fun singing the songs that would then be stuck in everyone's head for the rest of the trip. Most of these songs were just 2000's party tracks along the lines of Katy Perry and Justin Beiber and then a few country rock songs when that one guy got to pick the song. We then went to a club and got in the wrong line so we went to this pop up event where we again got drinks listened to some edm music. Afterwards we all agreed that the music was stupid and more like a parody of edm music where there was a plain beat playing for 5 minutes that people acted like the music was good and interesting, but it really wasn't. Maybe we just needed to pop pills to understand the music which we did not do. We then went outside, chatted with some dudes over a smoke and then left to another random late night izakaya. We got food and had a ~40oz beer bottle on the table between us all for the next 5 hours which we regularly replaced and got ramen and a bunch of other food. The final bill for the 5 of us ended up being about 100 USD which was increadible to see. We took a time lapse of our group talking all night and I can be seen flipping a tooth pick in my mouth for a good majority of the video which made for a hilarious inside joke thorughout the rest of the trip.

## Location 3 - Niseko, Japan
### February 1 2026 - Sunday

We left the Izakaya at about 5am right as the trains were picking up and we could make our way back to the airbnb to pick up our stuff before flying to Hokkaido. We went back, I went horizontal for a good 30min and we were back at it in the Tokyo metro going to the airport with full ski bags and luggage. The airport was uneventful except for a few interesting pastries that I got. We got on our flight to New Chitose airport, slept on the plane, and then took our bus to the town of Niseko which is noticably different from the ski resorts or town surrounding the ski resorts that are also known as Niseko. The town was really cute and had 6' tall snow embakments on the side of the road. A river ran by the town which seperated us from the main town except for the two bridges that let us cross the river to get to the town.

 We unpacked our stuff when we got to the airbnb and then got some food from 7/11 which is much more high quality in Japan and thus more common. Then we figured out the sleeping arrangement, I got to sleep on the traditional tatami mat room with two others. The tatami mat had a hardness between a carpetted floor and hardwood floor and we got these mats to sleep on which were about the thickness of a medium thickness sleeping bag. It was a moderately uncomfortable to sleep on the mat, but I feel that I got used to it in a night or two. Also note that each night we are either dead tired or drank ~1,000,000 beers each, so I was never not going to sleep. 

 ### February 2 2026 - Monday

 Game day!!! This was the first day we got to actually snowboard. The more skilled half with avalanche safety gear went on ahead beyond the bounds of the ski resort to get the special terrain that is mostly untouched deep powdery snow. The powder is the main attraction for flying to Japan from Colorado where there is already ski resorts but nowhere near the level of powder and consistent snowfall, especially this season. Me and one of the other dudes started snowboarding on groomed terrain that is on the resort and had a great time. One of the runs even had a bit of the deep powder that the skilled group went looking after even though it was easily accessible via a lift. I learned that I did not in fact know to ski in deep powder when I wipe out and flip over my board several times on this area with about a 60 degree steepness(idk most of the words for skiing terms yet). This was totally fine even at high speeds because falling down is by far my best skill as a snowboarder and the powder cushoned you so that these falls didn't even hurt. 

 The skilled members of our group recommended I go on a run with them where they took me through some forest with powder snow which was up to knees at low points and up to my waist when it was deep. I'd say at this point I was skilled enough to attempt this type of run but not skilled enough to really excel there. I was super grateful that I had gone out of my way at Copper mountain to do ungroomed runs and moguls to get comfortable with the kinds of tight turns that these trees demanded. This was also the most risky run I had attempted where if I had fallen during a straight section of the path I would have earned the biggest risk so far - cardio. There was a good demand for tight and precise turns along with jumps that, ignoring a few spills, I think I took like a champ. We kept on going and skiied even into the night when they had these huge stadium lights illuminate the slopes. 
 
  We then went to food trucks nearby because almost all restuarants in the area, previously unbeknownst to us, required reservations, and we ate outside in the snow. We almost went home but then we found an apres ski bar in the middle of town and decided to get a couple pitchers. The bar was filled with Australian tourists which foreshadows that we  just came to Japan to party with a bunch of Aussies - not a bad deal by far.

 ### February 3 2026 - Tuesday

 The next day the skilled people checked a more technically demanding run that they thought I could do after my surprisingly good performance the day prior. The less skilled bunch of us got on the lift and went straight for the skilled bunch. I called out on the way up that this was the first time I did not take a warm up run on an easy slope and brushed off the necessity. I should have taken a practice run. On the last lift up a black run, my goggles fogged up intensely, and paired with the already low visibility of the clouds that the mountain rose into I could identify that there was snow in front of me, but I had no idea what shape the snow in front of me took on. I then went down 'cowboy style' without any goggles in one of the scarier runs of the trip as writing this. Surprisingly halfway down this somewhat terrifying run, I look up and see an on mountain cafe blasting girly J-pop music. I went in and was able to heat up my goggles which was the best fix for the fogging issue with a hand dryer. Since I was there I ended up getting a really photogentic cappuccino that tasted kinda mid.
 
  I then continued down and got lost in a different village of the Niseko resort. I stayed there and wandered up and down a few lifts until I reunited with friends and called it after a bit more riding. We went home and had no real game play for the night. The whole house except for myself and the one couple decided to clear out for a good hour or so to fetch some food at the nearby 7/11. I tried talking some folks into accompanying me to a local hotspring and they didn't want to go considering Japanese hotsprings(onsen) typically require people to get fully nude. Some people wanted me to check and see if the onsen was 'traditional'(fully nude) for the others to maybe go the next time. I went to the onsen and it was a nice hotspring where everyone was quite, respectful and fully nude. 
  
  I left the onsen and after learning that there was little to no food at our house, I went into town to try and find a place that would take me. I then walked into a random little izakaya and started ordering numbers off the menu. I did not like any of the random food that I ordered mostly because I just got the most random weird type of food I could find on the menu. I thought all of that food was weird, but I still finished it all. I ended up talking to this local dude who told me his name is Sato and that I should call him Sato-san. He introduced me to the owners and chefs of the izakaya who were this cute older couple who I was told to call 'master' and 'mama-san'. Finally, two Slovakian aerospace engineering students arrived at the bar and we got to talking about skiing and describing both of our Japan trips.
  
   By the end of everything I noticed that the owners of restuarant must have been seating groups on the floor above us. Sato-san told me about how great the chefs are at that iyakaya having earned the recognition of some visiting michellin star chef from Hong Kong. Furthermore, when the Australian group of guests on the upper floor left their dinner they compared their dinner to a 'posh' restuarant in niseko village. I could then peak over at a calendar and after noticing that the upcoming Thursday looked empty, I asked if I could make a reservation for my group. Using Sato-san's help translating, I was able to set us all up a reservation at a local restuarant in two days with the boastworthy pre-order of a sashimi platter for everyone that 'master' supposedly sources from fishermen in a nearby town.

   I went home happy that I was able to score that reservation for my group and share the news and related experience of eating at that izakaya. 

   ### February 4 2026 - Wednesday

   Again we woke up and caught the next bus to Niseko. My goggles were working fine and I had a newfound confidence in my abilities gaining eyesight. I showed up to the mountain with a 3 of the more expeienced skiiers and they all wanted to go down a more challenging side country run. On our way up, the run seemed to have good amounts of untouched snow, but was still well populated in case anything bad happened which I was particularly concerned with. We went down the run and I got better riding in deep powder in trees at a steep gradient. I kept up and did not hit any trees, but I did see one of my friends attempt a big jump through some trees and end up tumbling about 6 or 7 times down the mountian. Luckily the deep powder and his experience falling made it so that no injury was sustained when that very easily could have been the case. 

   Unshaken, the group then wanted to do another 'side' country run going down from the summit of mount Niseko. This included taking several lifts and then hiking about 20 minutes to the summit. The hike was also well populated and commonly traversed to the path was clearly marked with the footholds that were left from the previous skiiers. We got the the top and could hardly see any vistas including the impressive Mt. Yotei because the summit was covered in some clouds. We again went down and I had a harder time keeping up with this challending terrain even though I was having a great time riding in the deep untouched powder that the hike gave us. At one point I ended up crashing while following another snowboarder's line in the snow and ended up folding my body over having my head and torso embedded in the snow with my board dangling over my body. My friend who was immediately following me then within seconds of my crash used the skyward facing bottom of my board as a ramp and was put in the same position as me. We struggled in the deep snow, and then got to the actually challenging part of the run. There was maybe an 8 foot drop onto what I would call a 75 degree slope with deep powder snow and plenty of a handful of trees for me to try and not tumble into. I worked my way slowly down that mountain and focused on my technique and the terrain. I ended up going down and having a really fun run toward the end of finishing descending the mountain. I ended up getting funneled into this cat track where we all met up. At the bottom of the cat track we then began hiking from the backend of the mountain back to a location on the ski resort. This took about 30 minutes and let me learn about the value of the vents that I could open on my jacket and bib to let the cool air into my outfit to cool me off. We then hiked up and went to a food court. 
   
   After all that hiking and feeling like I was about to die as much I was, I was ready for some food and drinks. I splurged on an underwhelming rice bowl topped with wagyu, and a large highball whiskey. One of the other group members then offered to pick up a drink to which I immediately accepted; I had only taken maybe 2 sips of my first drink. We all stayed a bit longer than usual which let me finish all of my drinks which then let me take the tipsiest ski run of life up to now. Maybe unsurprisingly, I was extra confident on the board and using my abilities at higher speeds which translated to me genuinely being significantly more proficient at snowboarding. I was doing jumps, tricks, carves and weaving through trees with an increadible ease. I got to the bottom of the mountain feeling great and got together with the rest of my party. 

   We then went to the nearby food truck area, went to an apres ski bar filled with Aussies and had some pitchers then we all went to the super trendy 'bar gyu' which has a distinctive hole in the wall feel from its main entrance being a refrigerator door. Waiting for our bar we all enjoyed the ragae tunes that advertised the steamed yam truck as it drove by. After being let into the bar, we stayed there for a while and got plenty of interesting cocktails like apple pie martini's and heated and spiced wine. We eventually left and wandered into another Aussie bar nearby as we were on our way back to our Airbnb and gained our best inside joke of the trip when an Australian girl walked into the bar and in an unmistakably thick accent she correctly declared 'ugh it stank like sewuh in here'. 

   ### February 5 2026 - Thursday

   This will end up being our unknown last day of skiing because of an upcoming storm that will close most lifts the following day. We woke up and went to the mountain. I had a couple runs before the group wanted to summit and ride down mount Niseko again. The hike up, ride down and hike back to the ski resort all felt better than the day before with less issues, better weather and beautiful views of mount Yotei at the peak. We kept on skiing more chill runs since all of our bodies were starting to feel the stress from a week of riding. We then got dinner at the izakaya from two nights ago and got to eat on traditional tatami mats as we ate. The food was fantastic and came out consistently in smaller bite sized portions for the group in almost a tapas style meal. The whole times the drinks were steadily flowing in so I was very happy with the whole experience. 

   ### February 6 2026 - Friday

   We woke up to a bad storm where one of the guys in our group had to stop saying 'it's dumping outside' and used the even more intense phrasing 'it's nuking outside'. I suggested that we retire that phrase while in Japan which we did for a whole 5 minutes. Me and two others went to a coffee shop in town which is about a 25 minute walk through the snow. We got coffee and I had a croissant sandwich 

   We did nothing in the afternoon and then went back to the apres ski bar area to see if the more clubby Aussie bar would be any good that night. It ended up not being too good. We sat down for some drinks in the different rooms. Eventually, some dude approached our little group at the table we took over with a weird vibe. He was bragging about his fathers position which is kind of embarrassing as an adult in a bar. I think he was European, so maybe that is not embarrassing there. The whole time my friend is trying out his fake british accent on this guy and getting no response on the accent. He eventually left and we could not figure out if it was because the one girl in our group finally telegraphed that she was not interested in the dude or if we missed any signals he may have been using to communicate that he wants to do or buy hard drugs. The night ended pretty boring and we went back and planned to wake up and move out the next morning. 

   ### February 7 2026 - Saturday

   Our whole group had to move out by 10am that day. A handful of people kept telling me to chill and to stop stressing about preparing the house for move out. We returned the keys at 9:58am and one of other dudes in our group dropped the ball for getting us rides to the bus stop, so I had to wait in the code for about 15 minutes for the second car to come pick me up; For context, I ordered the first car and was not able to leave in it before 10am because I had to be the one to check out at just before 10am. We got to the bus stop which turned out to be a hotel. At this hotel some folks left their luggage outside and went into the cafe/bar inside to warm up and relax before the bus came. I then asked the desk for a place to store our luggage so we could all go to the cafe as we wait. We used the luggage storage area then got onto the bus for Sapporo and figured out our sleeping arangement for the night. 

   Once we were oriented in Sapporo during the evening we went to a bic camera store which was a huge electronics warehouse. I got a surge protector that gave me an American 3 prong plug which allowed me to finally continue writing in this journal. We got sushi and I seperated from the group to leave my surge protector in the room while they all went to a nearby pachinko parlor. I went and met with the group and we all walked over to the nearby snow festival with giant snow scultures. One of my friends in the group and I were walking together and the rest of the group walked off from us, so my friend and I looked at the snow sculptures at our own pace. It ended up being a chill little bro-date looking at the snow sculpture. At one point we came up on a Minecraft creeper snowsculture where an Aussie in front of us said "Creeper" to which I responded "awwww yea" as the well known intro to the Minecraft parody of Usher's 'DJ's got us falling in love'. We then walked around, took some pictures and went to an american diner. They handed us a bowl of popcorn when we sat down, and we got beef tongue burger and chicken burger along with a side of onion rings. The onion rings were good, but the ketchup tasted and the burgers tasted odd. 

   ### February 8 2026 - Sunday

   Everybody left early in the morning to go back to the US. I bought all the yen that everyone still held at a near perfect conversion rate, and said goodbye. As I was packing up I noticed that a chocolate gu packed exploded in a pocket of my bag so I cleaned it up with a moist towel, and had to leave a brown stained towel for the hotel cleaning staff to regretfully have to clean up. I got myself a pod hotel where I could stay the night across town. I then walked over there, fixed up my board a bit, got dinner then went to bed. 

   ### February 9 2026 - Monday

   I took a bus to the town of Furano. I had to wake up early and walk across town with all of my stuff again in order to make it to my bus. It was slightly tiring, but I can feel my stamina growing with this kind of walking. I got off on the right stop, surprisingly, and made my way to the ryokan where I would be staying in that town. The owner of the ryokan was a nice old man who barely spoke english so we both relied on google translate when communicating. He instructed me on wearing slippers in the house and showed me to my room where I would be sleeping on another tatami mat. 

   ### February 10 2026 - Tuesday

   I woke up early so I could get to Furano and get a ride at 8:15am from the owner of the ryokan. The first big lift had not opened yet, but I was able to get a place in the line that was already forming. I was also able to get a coffee while in the long line - about 30min - because there was a cute little trailer with a take out cafe in the window right next to the line. The line was about as long as I had seen for a ski lift and the ride was pretty fun. There was some challenging terrain on the ride down followed by some a gradually sloped cat track that looked like a calm road with some cool lines to the side that I could take to weave through some trees and challenge myself. I did that and got some ramen on the mountain and went home around the afternoon after stopping at an onsen in the hotel right next to the mountain. When you onsen you are supposed to bathe beforehand, so I did not shower later that night which I was happy to avoid because the policy around shower use seemed complicated and foreign. I then walked into town and got some soba at a local shop. I noticed the news playing in the corner talking about the recent Japanese snap election. The town also had a noticably higher amount of recruitment ads for the Japanese military. I could also see soldiers training in skiing at Furano which all gave me a Forest Gump kind of feeling with how I was able to watch history with the remilitarization of Japan at this town. 

   ### February 11 2026 - Wednesday 

   Same deal. I went riding at the Furano ski resort. I woke up early, caught the bus, snowboarded and then got dinner. Nothing really notable happened except taking a shower. I did not stop at an onsen on the way back from the mountain, and it looks like my host noticed that I did not shower the night before because when I ran into him after riding he insisted that I bathe. As a homeless ski bum, I was moderately fine with not bathing for a day or two - I also picked this tolerance up from camping. 
   
   Not to be rude I did as instructed and bathed myself while the bathwater was hot. The signs confused me and I almost definitely did things wrong. There was a sign saying not to use the shower heads and wate water and I was told to use the hot water in the bath but not get in. I ended up filling two buckets of warm water and using that to bathe myself without using the shower heads which probably only sprayed cold water. The process was difficult enough that I am confident that I was doing it wrong, but I ended up clean and nobody was there to see my mistakes - an assumption that isn't always true in Japanese baths.

   I spent some time ptexing my board and then got some fried chicken and ramen down the street before going to sleep on the my tatami mat bed. 

   ### February 12 2026 - Thursday 

   I had to check out of my ryokan today and decided that I could get a good half day of skiing before leaving for Sapporo. Luckily they opened up a 'premium area' which is this ungroomed steeper area that gives more of a backcountry terrain while still being on piste technically and patrolled by the mountain safety crews. I was able to take a few runs down this and felt especially confident with the deep powder and steep terrain. This new challenge made me glad that I squeezed this extra day of riding into my trip. 

   I then got lunch, took my things out of the coin locker that I was using on the mountain before bording my bus for the bus stop. Luckily enough when I got off the bus at the bus stop, I was able to immediately get on a long distance bus that was headed to Sapporo which left a few minutes after I boarded. 

   In Sapporo, I walked about a mile with my stuff to the hostel and checked in. This hostel was an all male capsule hotel which had really nice ammenaties. There was a floor with a restaurant, another with a gym, a sauna, and a lounge room for reading with a huge library on manga - Japanese comic books - which I could not read unfortunately. I lifted some weights for the first time in a month or so while avoiding squats to protect my back which was not feeling good after sleeping on tatami mats for the past two weeks. Afterwards, I went onto the town to check things out. I am pretty sure I was walking through the center of town because of the huge amount of neon lights and advertisements, mostly showing kawai girls on them. The bars looked really interesting, but I was there looking to eat. I then went to a random local looking izakaya and got a couple onigiri rice balls with different kinds of fish inside. I then walked back taking the route that I assessed to have the most ads featuring pictures of cute girls.

   ### February 13 2026 - Friday

   I got up early and went cafe hopping for a bit. I got a cappucino and sandwich at a random restaurant that was likely a Japanese chain restaurant and then I went to this instagramable fluffy pancake breakfast restaurant. I got a savory pancake platter which came with some eggs and 'bacon' - Japanese bacon is more similar to Canadian bacon than American -, but the pancakes were pretty mid in my opinion. They were fluffy and soft but they were made with a whole grain flour which made it too earthy and there was not enough syrup to compensate for that unfitting flavor. All of this cafe hopping happened fully encumbered by my three bags; board bag, travel backpack, and computer bag.

   I caught a bus to the airport and made it to the airport with about an hour to spare. I was able to self check my backpack at a self serve kiosk, but I was not able to check my snowboard bag and ended up needing to wait in a line to check that bag. The line looked to be about 40 minutes long, moved slow and I had a real 'oh s**t' moment when I looked and saw only non-Japanese people in the line. The line already threatened to make me miss my flight and accounting for everyone in line struggling with the language barrier I was fairly confident I was going to miss my flight. I waited as fast as I could in line, but around 30 minutes before my flight I got pulled out of line and checked my bag in a different line because my flight was about to leave. Security took maybe 5 minutes and then I was waiting at the gate. While waiting I felt hot, so I took off my ski jacket which had my season pass and sat on it and relaxed for 20 minutes. I probably ended up falling asleep because that 20 minutes felt like 2. Nonetheless, I groggily got up and boarded my as my boarding group got called. I scanned my ticket and went on the walkway to the plane where I felt especially cold. I grabbed for my jacket to pull it closed and noticed I wasn't wearing my jacket. I left it behind the gate and in that moment noticed how big of problem this was. My jacket not only was supposed to be a lifetime purchase for my snowboarding career, but also contained my season pass which I needed to continue riding at other mountains. Overall, I put the value of that jacket at around $1000 and it was totally necessary for me to hold onto it for the remainder of my Japan travels. I was freaking out somewhat and ran back to the gate to ask about the jacket. I tried asking the only other white dude if he saw my black jacket, westerners pretty reliably understand english better than Japanese people. He hardly tried and just boarded right past me - Jerk. I asked the agent to exit so I could look fetch the jacket, and the agent either did not understand or was not willing to let me leave. She then got another agent on the other side of the gate to look for my jacket where she at least understood black jacket and I then pointed forward and then to the left to signal to the agent on the other side of the gate that my jacket was around the corner to the left. Thankfully they understood and after a nervewracking minute of her looking she eventually respawned around the corner with my jacket.

   I then got on the plane back to Tokyo. I sat inbetween a Phillipina woman and her mother and when boarding they used one english phrase with a pretty good American accent to which I struck up a conversation complimenting her english. We talked for most of the plane ride and she even gave me a custard to which I offered her a beer in return which she rejected. We then parted ways after I forgot to get her contact. I tried not to beat myself up for that failure. 

   After leaving the airport, I made my way to Fujisawa, a neighborhood around an hour train ride from Tokyo with all of my stuff. I am starting to get pretty good at traveling on trains with this many bags. Here I checked into my hotel and picked up my physical tickets for my Masayoshi Takanaka concert. 

   ### February 14 2026 - Saturday

   This whole time I had been dealing with paperwork for getting my Chinese tourist visa approved in Tokyo and it turned out I needed not just my current passport but my previous passort aswell. So a few days prior, I called my mom and asked her to dig up and mail me my passport that I used in middle school. She mailed the passport to a fedex office in Yokohama which was about a 30 minute train ride me and took me on a bit on odyssey to figure out the train system and walk around the industrial neighborhood where the fedex building is. I ended up getting my previous passport, but I had very little time to go drop off my passport and get ready for Masayoshi Takanaka concert that was starting around 5pm. I got to the hotel and charged my phone for a good 20 minutes before heading to the concert. Using my new skills in navigating Japanese train systems, I went straight to the concert and got in with no issue and a minor line. 



   ### February 16 2025

   I checked out of my capsule hotel or hostel in Tokyo and took a train to the area near the Tokyo shinkansen train station. This neighborhood had this trendy whipped creme sandwich which I had the time and stamina to go get with all of my luggage. With all my luggage, I stood in line for 20 minutes to get this creme sandwich which I could thankfully accompany with a savory egg salad sandwich. Note that egg salad is much better in Japan. I then rushed over with my sandwiches in hand along with my luggage to the shinkansen station where I struggled with ticket kiosks for some time before boarding the train with hardly even a minute to spare. I sat down in a seat, unwrapped my sandwiches and started eating until after the first sandwich where I was directed to go to the non-reserved seating section of the train where my ticket actually placed me. This area had seats which were all taken, so for me and the rest of the unlucky passengers these 3 cars marked 'unreserved' were standing cars for the rest of our ~2 hour train ride. 
   
   I got off at the correct station surprisingly, and then I checked into my hostel. The people in this hostel seemed much more sociable than I had seen before, likely because they were all westerners like myself and spoke english. I went to fix my board and fill in some holes by dripping in some p-tex. When prepping the holed in the board I got to talking to another snowboarder that offered to give me some wax in exchange for an ice cream bar - a pretty good deal. I Then also got to chatting with this older American fellow. Turned out this guy ran a repair shop in a suburd of Denver and he loaned me a file to edge my board and shared a few tidbits about keeping my board functional. He understood and somewhat respected the idea of ski bumming it the way that I am and was supportive overall. Unlike this swiss french guy who was insistent that I had to wax my board and got upset when I revealed I previously had no wax of my own and thus no means or plans to wax the board. 

   ### February 17 2026

   I went from my hostel with all of my gear straight to Shiga Kogen. I am very confident travelling with all of my gear now. I figure out the bus schedule and get off the bus at the ski resort and place my things in a coing locker after getting all of my gear ready for me to ski. My snowboard did not maintain its quality after the repairs that I gave it the day prior. I snowboard a bit, but I was pretty tired so I caught an overcrowded bus with all of my luggage back to the nearby town of Yomouchi where my hostel is. The hostel is actually more of a Ryokan with me sleeping on a tatami mat, supplying yukata robes to wear around and having an in house onsen with naturally heated spring water. The onsen was also traditional(nude) and was so extremely hot that I had to use a built in tap to pump cold water into the bath so I would not burn. The bath did make me feel really relaxed and I had a great sleep even though I was sleeping on the floor. 

   ### February 18 2026

   I had a great day snowboarding. I woke up slightly late, but still sat down at this nice local coffee shop and got a breakfast place. I got on the mountain around noon. I then did a couple runs on a new part of the mountain. A bunch of these runs were obviously previously used for the winter olympics in the 80's when it was done to Shiga Kogen. The runs were much more icy and demanded more focus and had a much harder ground which would have really hurt if I fell on it. Luckily, I did not fall and had a great time overall. My board really started showing how bad it was as it felt a bit unsteady and had some cracks in its edge.
   
    I later decided to run the far part of the mountain which I had not explored yet. I decided to duck a rope and do a quick little tree run which quickly took me on an odyssey down the whole mountain through some sketchy terrain. I went through plenty of trees, large drops and finished following a gradually descending line through some trees along a creek. For context, creeks are rather terrifying to snowboard besides as someone who is still learning because they always present a significant drop since you need to add the cumulative snowfall of the season to the height of the creek's bank which is already elevated by a few feet. However, the main scare of the creek is falling in and getting wet in the subzero temperatures which could be pretty dangerous in the wrong circumstances. Thankfully, I managed to not fall into the creek and made it out of the side-country into the groomed courses and back to my hostel. The overall run was terrifying and upon inspection later that evening, I found a new core shot in my crappy board. Sadly, I have to decomission the board because I do not have the supplies to repair a new core shot - only old core shots that I have pre-cleaned.

    I then walked into town to find a place to eat. This was especially difficult since most places in my part of town were not restuarants, but onsen which fit the theme of the town. Nonetheless, I was hungry and kept walking towards the busier part of the city until I found a restuarant. I eventually found an izakaya where I got a large dinner in case I could not manage breakfast the day after including a place of Japanese fried chicken, gyoza, ramen and Japanese plum wine on the rocks - I loved the plum wine on the rocks. I paid in cash making good use of the cash that I bought from my friends as they left to return to the US. I then walked home and enjoyed my hostel's onsen.


### February 19 2026

I didn't sleep well so I got up a bit late and I needed to plan for the day so I went looking for a coffee shop where I could hang out and plan my day with a cup of coffee and maybe some breakfast. My place from the day before was closed - bummer -, so I went to two other places that weren't as good but still gave me coffee and the time I needed to figure out my bus route and where I would rent gear. I went to the mountain again around noon. The plan was to rent a snowboard since I am no longer riding mine and I can see if the quality was actually causing me problems or if it was just a skill issue. The ski shop that I went seemed to have run out of snowboards to rent when I arrived. I didn't bother asking in a foriegn language why they didn't offere snowboards, but I made sure to confirm that was the case. Not willing to go home without going on the mountain, I asked for the rate for renting ski equiptment which turned out to be around 30 USD for the rest of the day. That was a great deal so I took it and decided I would teach myself to ski that day. One of the roommates in Leadville worked as a ski instructor, so in conversation about her day I would typically pick up on a few queues and techiniques that I knew would be helpful or hurtful when learning. For example, I knew that crossing your skiis would almost guarntee falling a tumble, angling both skiis in the 'pizza' position slows you down and leaning back is a dirty and reliable way to not fall down when going a bit too fast. What I did not know however was the proper way to hold ski poles which came into play when I fell twice on my left hand and ended up spraining my thumb thus giving myself what I suspect to be 'skiers thumb'. I had three runs and I looked like a total beginner, which I was, constantly practicing my turn and weaving left and right on the mountain. This got me 3 not so good runs down the same green run of the mountain where I was building confidence in skiing.

 I might even prefer skiing in some ways to snowboarding considering that skiing did not burn in the arches of my feet like snowboard often does. The poles and begin able to push yourself without unstrapping is also a huge plus. A big con to skiing is that I would need to start at zero again with my skills ,and I am still unsure about how to fall with skiis, a skill I consider necessary for snowboarding and skiing. Considering the pro of less pain and the con of bigger injury risk, I am not upset that I chose snowboarding to start.

 The sprain to my thumb was not the biggest injury I had every had, but it was big enough to keep me off the mountain for the next couple of days so I can let it heal. I then waited around an hour outside for my bus back home. I went home, had the few snacks from the mountain gift shop for dinner and slept after hitting the hostel onsen. The hot water ended up being bad for the swelling and inflamation of my sprained thumb, but it was never that bad, and the water felt great so I don't mind.

 ### February 20 2026 - Friday

 I got out of bed slowly, upset that I was injured and had limited options for my day. Thankfully, I ended up having as good of a day with the plans I made. I saw that the nearby coffee shop that I liked was open, so I went there for a large breakfast and I got a 'shichimi' coffee which translates to a 'seven flavor' spiced coffee. The coffe was basically decent drip coffee with a little heat like what you would get from ginger, but without the flavor of ginger.
 
  I then started walking to the local snow monkey park. I didn't know what exactly was in store for me at the park, but I wanted to see any snow monkeys before leaving the day after. I walked on the road for about a mile then on a rather slicked hiking trail until I got to the snow monkey park where I had to pay an 800 yen fee - like 5 USD - to enter. The 'park' was just a 200 meter hiking train after a bend in the hiking trail, but it was totally worth it. The signage explained that when the onsen were first built in the town around the time of the American civil war, the monkeys were a huge problem as they would come into the onsen and ruin the experience for the humans trying to enjoy it. So in response, the local town decided to just build an onsen for the monkeys so they would figure out that they can bathe there without being chased off by humans. This worked and the monkeys now bathe at this specially built monkey onsen. I went watched the monkeys, which are technically Japanese Macaques, took a bunch of pictures and posted plenty about it being a true 'Funky Monkey Friday'. When watching the monkeys one of them actually came up next to me without me noticing. I was looking to the left and this monkey came from my right and with moderate force grabbed my right pec on my thick ski jacket. I initially thorugh this was a Chinese tourist - I had been told that Chinese tourists can be exceptionally rude -, so I told this aggrevator to back off before realizing that it was a monkey that was acting rudely. I sat still and hoped asked this American next to me to take picture, but a park worker swatted the monkey off me before he got the chance. 

  I then hiked back, stopping at a sit down restaurant where I got an apple juice - apples are local to the area -, a ramen and a really instagramable apple pie. I ate big because I did not want to walk all the way back into town for dinner and would rather just pack and have sleep for dinner. Thinking as I write this, skipping dinner technically allows me to satisfy my lenten fast for since it is the first Friday in lent if I count breakfast as two snacks - which it was since I had to order two dishes which are both rather small - and my one meal having an having more calories than breakfast. I did have a small piece of ham with breakfast and a small piece of chicken in my ramen, so I failed the no meat part of the fast day, but nutritionally I might as well have not eaten any meat. This logic it not to say that succeeded - I failed to fast properly today -, but I had such a small quantity that I feel as if I had eaten very little protein today. 

  I then went home and planned the rest of my trip dealing with lodging, location, transportation, planning the timeline for getting my visa to enter China on the next step of this trip and planning what to do if I do not get the China Visa.

  ### February 21 2026 - Saturday

  Today I had to make it back to Tokyo. I booked the rest of my stay in Japan in a capsule hotel in the middle of Kabukicho neighborhood in Shinjuku which is the sleaziest part of town, but it only cost ~$30 per night, and I was fine accepting a little grunge on my trip to stretch out my dollars. I walked about 2km to the nearest train station in Yamouchi where I went to the nagano station and bought a ticket to take a shinkansen bullet train back to Tokyo. While waiting I met two American snowboarders and chatted a bit about riding and where we were staying. We exchanged contacts and I didn't think much of about this friendly encounter. 

  I rode to Tokyo without a problem and checked into my capsule hotel with all of my stuff. After resting and charging my phone for a bit, I went to a concert at this local small venue that I heard about from the insta page that I got off the Emirati girl at the Masayoshi Takanaka concert. I shared the info with a some girl that I met at a bar a few months prior in Atlanta who was in town for the weekend. She was travelling in Tokyo and I gave her the details for an underground J-rock concert. She ended up not going and went with her travel buddy to golden gai, a street known for its bars - what a lame decision. I wasn't upset for long though because eventually the snowboarders from the train station asked about the concert which I mentioned in passing and they came instead. The bands were absolutely increadible. We had a great time listening to the bands and drinking. We then left for some gimmicky bar which wasn't that good and then we went walking around and landed at some random club. The music and vibes were fun and we ended up leaving on lime scooters to go to our places which were only 4 blocks from each other.  

  ### February 22 2026 - Sunday

  I woke up not really knowing what to do. I ended up going cafe hopping and found a nice view of shibuya crossing off of my instincts alone. I later landed at a final cafe and spent a good couple of hours doing leetcode and filling in some holes that I had in this journal. On my way out I noticed a copying machine and printed a few copies of my passport just in case. On my way out of the mall I was tempted to buy some vinyl records. I got 4 vinyls for about $60 and I tried to get the kinds of records that I would not be able to get in the US. I left and went back to chill in the lounge of my capsule hotel where they constantly play what I think is the news. 
  
  I got an invite out to a golden gai again with the girls that I had met before in Atlanta. We went to a bar in golden gai, then left to walk around Shinjuku and landed on an unlimited tap bar that charged by the hour instead of per drink. We stayed there and hung out, eventually striking up a conversation with a group of Japanese dudes next to us. We were talking and I think I accidentally rage baited one of the dudes in the group. He worked in Investment Banking for 'the largest firm in Japan' which I had never heard of. I that wasn't bad enough I then expressed that I would rather work at my current job than at the American firms that he knew like Morgan Stanley or Goldman Sachs which he got really mad about. Overall the group of dudes were nice except for the one self important jerk in IB. We ended up playing beer pong with Japanese rules which I believe is down right inferior to American rules for beer pong. There was no enforcement of the elbows behind the table rule, a teams turn would consist of one of the members of the team taking 3 shots at making cups and not both members taking a given shot. The meta was to bounce the ball which in American beer pong earns an extra cup if the ball scores a cup, but gives the defending team the opportunity to swat the ball forcing the team to pay attention. In Japanese rules the bounced ball is not allowed to be swatted. We finished the night by going to a convenience store and calling it a night around 2am.

  ### February 23 2026

  I woke up and met the girls from the night before at my favorite cafe near Shibuya crossing. On the way to the coffee shop I ended up giving directions to a Phillipino-Australian family on vacation who was headed to the same place. I chatted with the father on the train - likely a faux pas in the Tokyo metro - and it turned out that he worked at a clearing firm in Australia. I got his linkedin, directed him to Shibuya station and wished him and his family a happy vacation before saying goodbye.
  
   The girls and I got some cool pastries and coffees, shopped for souveniers and then said goodbye. I looked around for a post office. All three post offices that I visited were closed for the Japanese emperor's birthday. Ironically, it was also my friends birthday from back home. This friend particularly likes Japan and I thought it would be a good birthday gift to send him a happy birthday video from a maid cafe. This was a good enough excuse to go to a maid cafe, but I really did not want to give off neck beard discord mod vibes, so I put off the maid cafe and returned to my capsule hotel having failed to find a post office to ship my vinyl records home. I took a nap and was able to plug my phone into a charger just as it was hitting 1% battery. I took a little time to recharge myself as well and napped until my phone was around 80%.

  I then decided to go out for some food and wanted to try a Japanese burger. I went to an overpriced shop called Samurai Burger in Shinjuku right by my hotel and had a genuinely good yet overpriced burger. I struck up a conversation with two other single dinners next to me who were both english speaking foreigners. One was a German, the other American, and we were all geeky enough to go to a maid cafe after our meal. We walked over and the cafe turned more into a bar later in the day, so we got the unlimited drinks for an hour for the table. Everything was cutsie and the whole table had to do a little dance while making hearts when our drinks were delivered. I enjoyed it more than I am willing to admit. They had a policy against filming, so I was about to leave without getting my friend a birthday video, but as we were paying our bill they gave a performance where videos were allowed so I ended up getting a video for my buddy. After this I finally went home having accomplished one of my goals for the day and meeting some new friends.

  ### February 24 2026 - Tuesday

  I didn't really know what to do with this day. I woke up a little later having gotten poor quality sleep because of the alcohol from the night before. I woke up around 10am with 1 hour before the capsule hotel kicked me out and I had to figure out something to do in the city. I was still trying to ship my vinyl records home so I went looking for a post office. This took me over to Ropongi which had a large office building were the first 6 or 7 floors were used as commercial space. The post office inside was a DHL office which quoted me about $200(yes in USD) to ship my vinyls home. I had a pretty obvious reaction to reading this price and the people pointed me nextdoor to a Japan Post office which they said would have a more reasonable price. I picked up a number and tried to figure out the process through google translate about 5 times. After the 5th time I had figured out everything that I was supposed to do in terms of filling out the information online, printing the package sticker, and packing the vinyls myself. I then left and needed to kill an hour or two so I went to a local soba restaurant and walked into an art exhibit that was high up in the building. The soba was good and it was paired with a soba green tea which had a distinct umami flavor that I wasn't much of a fan of. The soba was still delicious with some great duck meat meatballs. I then went to the art exhibit which I overall felt most pieces looked macbre and disturbing in the beginning. It was a kind of disturbing which didn't make you directly cringe like gore or some cosmic horror, but it was the kind of discomfort where you can feel your inner child feel upset and start crying because of something deep that is upsetting. Maybe that was the feeling they were going for or maybe I am just illiterate at understanding art and should keep to writing about math and programming. There was one piece that made me chuckle a bit where it was a view of Tokyo that was presented through a large hollow square filled with whiskey and held up by some branch. This was meant to symbolize some ideas around viewing Tokyo with the passage of time which was symbolized with the whiskey being aged and all, but I enjoyed the interpretation that the piece gives the observer a high level view of Tokyo through a couple gallons of Japanese liquor and accented with Japanese nature - pretty accurately symbolizing my trip thus far. 

  After the few pieces that I liked, I walked through some exhibits that looked kinda boring and left to go drop off my things before leaving to meet the same friend of a friend as before at a bar in a neighboring city. We did that and I tried a few skewers of weird parts of animals like heart, tongue, and intestine all while asking to not be informed of the type of meat that I was eating so as to not bias my enjoyment of the skewers. Turned out I ended up enjoying all the normal cuts and being weirded out my all the odd cuts of the animal. We then had a few drinks and talked for a while before heading home. This friend did work a type club where he mentioned some regulars also worked in finance, so I asked if he could make a connection but didn't want to push too hard. I'll see about revisiting this and try to 'network'(drink) with these local Japanese businessmen.

  ### February 25 2026 - Wednesday

  Same situation as the morning before. I had a rush out of the capsule hotel before getting kicked out. When this happens the rush of people leaving fills up the traditional bathing room and by traditional I still mean nude, so I think these morning will likely be my lifetime max for number of naked men in the same room as me. I get ready for the day and leave in time to figure out what I am going to do. I go to a cafe Aaliyah in Shinjuku which is probably the best french toast I will ever have then head to a shopping center where I see on the menu a full steak meal for about $20. I eat up and go to a cafe where I know I can post up and figure out my plans for China.
  
   The tourist visa was not coming through, so I fall back on my backup of using the 10 day transit visa for visitors where you are able to occupy a single region in China for up to 10 days as you enter from one country/region and leave to a different country/region. This only slightly altered my plans to go from 
   
    Osaka -> Shanghai -> Zhangjiajie -> Chongqing -> Hong Kong 
   
   where I will not be able to travel in between regions in China, but I can technically make 2/3 of those Chinese cities transit stops if I replace Zhangjiajie with another Asian country/region that is not Japan nor Hong Kong. I weighed my options between Seoul, Taipei and Macau first. Macau seemed like a the best deal, and it seemed unlikely that Manila, Bangkok, or Singapore, so I jumped at Macau and now have my flights booked and need to figure out lodging. Now my updated travel plans using visa free travel looks like this.

    Osaka -> Shanghai -> Macau -> Chongqing -> Hong Kong 

   After figuring this out, I walked through the rain towards Shinjuku park where I rested at another cafe and hung out on my laptop. I then walked around the park which did not look too good considering the crappy weather. I then went to my capsule hotel but not before stopping at a grocery store in the basement of a mall and getting some fried chicken, sushi, and mochi. 

   ### February 26 2026 - Thursday

   I got out of the capsule hotel a bit before 11am again. Today I planned to see some early blooming Japanese cherry blossoms and go to this trendy taco spot. I first went to the taco shop which was no longer taking customers for lunch. Luckily, the starbucks reserve roastery was just down the block so I went there instead for lunch. Those reserve roasteries are always cool to see even if they are a bit overpriced and touristy. I then got on a train for a specific shrine which was said to have early blooming cherry blossoms. When I got to the shrine I found a big line of Japanese people and just got in it - a sure fire way to get an authentic Japanese experience. I waited and read a bit in line until I got to the end. Turned out the line was to buy a little souvenier, so I bought a little square with some stitching - I think it was a good luck charm - for around $10. I then went to the tree and asked a passerby to take my photo, and I took a photo of my new souvenier with the cherry blossom in the background imitating the aesthetic girlies taking similar pics for their social media posts undoubtedly. I then went back to the taco place for dinner and waited about 45 minutes for my single seat at the bar. During the wait, I struck up a conversation with a group of spanish girls who promptly switched to english when they figured out how bad my spanish was. I got one of their instas and will probably try to set something up in the next few days. After my meal, I went home and on the way I offered directions to a European couple to Shinjuku station where I was headed. We chatted on the train and they gave me some good recommendations about what I should do when I visit Vietnam since they had just been there travelling with a plan not dissimilar to my future plans for travelling Vietnam. The boyfriend - or husband - of the couple was the first person this trip to seem to understand what quant was when I described my future job, so we connected on linkedin. I showed them the way out and my favorite local grocery store and we parted. I then sat down for a quite night and went to bed relatively early.

   ### February 27 2026 - Friday 

   I woke up and left the capsule hotel with plenty of time before my 11am deadline. I then went looking for a local university or library where I could post up for the day and hang out and study some random things. I found a university library near the Shinjuku station and hung out there for a while. After a while I left and went looking for a gym where I could get a day pass. I couldn't think of anything to do, so I went back to try and do the things that I normally do in my life - study and exercise. At the second gym I chatted with a Phillipino runner who was trying to prepare for the upcoming Tokyo marathon and after maybe 2 minutes of chit-chat he offered to show me around the Phillipines if I went there. My first reaction was that this guy was probably gay and hitting on me because he is way friendlier than I was expecting, but he had his wife and kid with him, so it looks like he genuinely was just being friendly. This is a minor interaction, but I want to record this instance of Phillipinos being increadibly friendly.

   I then looked at a couple other gyms which all had no staff and required a month long membership where you needed sign up with a Japanese name using kana(Japanese script) and a Japanese address and phone number - "Jarvis, make me Japanese". Eventually, I gave up on all of the gyms when the memberships would all activate the following day even if I got through their foreigner filtration systems. I then tried one last spot,a local sports center which looked like what we would call a recreation center in the US. Turns out the recreation center was exactly what I needed. I was able to buy a day pass for the gym and rent indoor shoes for the gym for about 1,000 yen ~ $6. I got a decent lift and then went to a yakitori for an anabolic meal of rice and grilled chicken. Thankfully, it was Friday night in Tokyo's 'entertainment' district, so things were lively and open late. I just had to walk around a bit and go into the first restaurant that had a grill outside with chicken cooking to give off a good smell and attract customers. It worked on me, and I followed the smell to a restaurant and had a quiet meal before going back to my hotel.  

   ### February 28 2026 - Saturday

   I woke up surprisingly late and had to rush out of the capsule hotel before 11am when they would kick me out. I had some good soreness from the lift the night before and wanted to push myself with a bit more walking today. The night before I messaged the girl I met from the taco place to try and get her and her group to join me for a jazz concert. She rejected the concert, but offered a coffee date around 4pm marking my first time commitment of the month.

   I left the hotel in a rush and wanted to visit Punch the monkey in a small zoo in the neighboring prefecture, before my date. I took the metro and had to transfer 2 times before making a 30 minute walk to the zoo. This all took about 100 minutes and I entered the zoo for $3. I checked out the zoo for maybe an hour before rushing off to my date. 

   I took the metro. Met this girl at my favorite cafe. We chatted then went to karaoke and nothing really notable happened. She was an exchange student at a nearby university majoring in Chinese, but also studying Japanese in Japan while speaking english and spanish fluently and reading korean pretty fluently during karaoke. She was nice and interesting, but it was pretty mid. Overall, I felt happy about the experience of getting to go on a karaoke date in Japan.

   ### March 1 2026 - Sunday

   I got up a bit early to watch the Tokyo marathon run past my hotel. It started at 9:10am and I was not even a mile from the start near Shinjuku station so I got up and watch the crowd. Watching the event got me excited to join a run club when I got to Austin. 

   I continued to have no idea what to do so I went to a local park to hang out and maybe read a little. The park ended up being Meiji Jingu. It was a fantastically maintained forest in the middle of Tokyo right by Shibuya and Shinjuku with massive 100+ year old trees and a ginormous Shinto shrine/building in the center. They also had some massive Shinto gates. I then went to a museum about the park which explained the history, motivation and construction of the park in the early 1900's. I went to my pod hotel and got a japanese omelette for dinner.

   ### March 2 2026 - Monday

   I woke up early around 4am sick. It was just a normal cold, probably from sharing a bathroom and hot tub with so many people. I could work through the illness and it did not feel too bad, but Chinese customs would definitely take my temperature upon entering the country, given the currnet covid outbreak in Japan, and likely turn away anyone with a high temperature. I had to reschedule my Shanghai flight to a few days later which was not really possible in the time frame. So the next best idea was to cancel Shanghai and go straight to Macau which was not available. Then I tried Japan to Chongqing which didn't seem possible, so now I was either doing Japan to Vietnam or Japan to Hong Kong. Hong Kong had cheaper flights so I will at least get a few days in Hong Kong with my current plan before my Vietnamese visa permits me entry through Hanoi. 
   
   I did all of this before 8am and since I was leaving the pod hotel the following day, I wanted to ship all of my snowboarding equiptment home. I compared prices for luggage shipping for my board and board bag and just shipping a box with everything except the board and board bag. The the later option ended up being about $200 cheaper so I'd go with that and abandon my free board and $20 board bag in the luggage room of my capsule hotel. Unfortunately, one of the more expensive pieces of my equiptment was my board bindings which were screwed into my board. This is an easy problem, but the main issue was the time constraint that I would be kicked out of the hotel at 11am. So I had to find a screwdriver and seperate the bindings from the board before 11am. Most errands I had to run in Japan normally required me to try a few stores out so lets hope that is not the case for finding a screwdriver.

I tried a Don Quijote store which was a dud. I then looked up my next spot and decided to wait for the nearby bic camera superstore to open at 9:30am where I would then look for the screwdriver. 9:30am came and when I got to the store the signage labelled opening time as 11am contrary to google. All good, I still had an hour and a half to try one more place, return to the hotel, detach the bindings, gather all of my snowboard equiptment and leave. I tried one more place that was a 20 minute walk away. I first tried to find the train stop that would take me there which I could not find. Eventually, I just decided to walk it around 9:45. I got to the store and woman manning the register was very nice and helpful when I asked about a screwdriver while motioning using a screwdriver. I don't think she understood english, but she pointed me right to exactly what I needed. The scredriver only cost like $2 so I won't feel bad about abandoning that too. I then rushed to the hotel and did everything I needed to do then leaving at 10:50am with 10,000 steps already complete for the day. 

I then walked to the train station to go to the same post office in Roppongi as the week prior. I went there and had to spend a good 2 hours packing my box and documenting everything for customs before shipping it by freight. I don't need this stuff until December, so I don't mind it taking a little while. Hopefully, US customs won't look in the box and be upset about the nuts and bolts for the bindings that I forgot to list along with the leggings that I stuffed in the boots. I then got some pastries and wandered around the area for a while then eventually went back to my pod.

After going to my pod, I charged my phone and went to Shibuya to looking for piezoelectic floors which generate electricity from footsteps. The technology is mildly interesting, but there a copy-pasta meme about Japan turning footsteps into electricity that I would have liked to have gotten a picture of. I looked and was not able to find any special floor panels like what I was seeing online. Having failed my first task for the day, I then wandered around looking for a place to eat. There was a Bruno Mars pop-up cafe that served burgers to advertise his new album. I was actually regularly listening to Bruno Mars's new album, so I thought it would be nice. It was a cool spot and I liked the music, food, drinks, price and vibe. It did feel a little lonely however sitting down for meal and being waited on all alone. Overall, solo traveling can feel really lonely for most of the time. I'll likely write an essay to fully articulate these thoughts and feelings in a bit. 

### March 3 2026 - Tuesday 

I woke up reasonably early and decided to try and walk around and enjoy Shinjuku as much as I can before leaving. I went to the french toast place then went to a cafe where I could hang out for a bit and write some more of these journal entries. I got myself caught up to date then went to the record store nextdoor and listened to some records while resisting my desire to buy one. 

I decided I might as well have made my way over to Osaka, so I went to Tokyo station and bought my ticket then got on the train and went to Osaka. Simple as that! At Osaka I checked into my cheap hotel which was suspiciously nice, but there was no issue.

 I then was hungry so I went to an izakaya where I got Japanese barbeque with in house cooked charcoals. I knew the charcoals were cooked in house because I could see the furnace that was used to cook the charcoals in the front of the store. I hung out and enjoyed a good meal and talked to a pair of Taiwanese sisters who were just meeting up and eating right besides me at the bar. I left and still felt hungry, so I went to the next place that looked good. The next place was an modern looking izayaka inside and out, but the vibe inside was that of boisterous salarymen yelling, laughing, drinking and smoking together. I ate a pretty good meal with some bar food and a cheap drink then on the way out one of the salarymen that I was talking with invited me out to karaoke. They hardly spoke english and I hardly spoke Japanese, but it seemed like a funny story, so I went. 

 The place was not far away and we spent about 2 hours drinking regularly saying cheers in Japanese which they would call 'international kanpai'. After the night I just walked home and went to sleep. 

 ### March 4 2026 - Wednesday

 I woke up a little late in the morning and decided to walk into the center of town. On my way, I stopped by a cafe where I had a broken conversation about sports with another cafe goer. We chatted about UFC and baseball which I knew very little besides a few names, but he was impressed that I did BJJ. On my way out, the cute barista grabbed a small bag of chocolates and gave it to me as a gift, and this old lady who seemed to be the owner came out and asked for a group picture. I obligued and got a really cute photo of me and the crowd at this random cafe. 

 I then continued and met with the guy who took me to the girly bars in Nagano. He was from Osaka, and it was cool to talk to a local who could actually speak english. I think he was excited to get to practice his english. We got a the famous cheese coin in the street food area, and went shopping. I saw a local Japanese branded hat labeled 'Mountain Rocky' which I thought was awesome since I regularly visit the Rocky Mountains. I bought the hat and we went for barbecue. Afterwards, I tried to find a reason to stay out, but could not find one. I went back and slept in my hotel room early for the following morning.

 ### March 5 2026 - Thursday 

 I did not know what I wanted to do that day or where I was going to sleep that night since I was checking out that morning. I had to get up early and stress about doing laundry all before checkout. I finished in time and left with all of my things to go see the last few things I want to see in the city. I went to a trendy spot with fluffy soufle pancakes then went to a place with a trendy egg sandwich and steak sandwich. All of the food was good and fairly priced, but hardly worth the wait if not accounting for the novelty of the food. Afterwards, I went with all my bags to see Osaka castle which I enjoyed much more than I expected. After seeing the castle I went to a coffee shop to see where I wanted to go to next. I decided I had seen too much of the city and wanted some nature. This made the island of Kyushu stand out to the south. I also scrolled some instagram reels. I started looking at routes to Kyushu when I panned by the city of Himeji on Google Maps. I thought to myself 'doesn't Himeji have a nice castle also?" and looked it up to learn that it has the most famous castle. 
 
 So at around 4pm that day in a cafe, I book a hotel room with the same deal by the Himeji train station and take a Shinkansen bullet train over to Himeji. I trie to take a bullet train and when I got onto a train which seemingly had the same destination, departure time, and line name I got on a regular metro train which took me the same distance in about times the time. This was somewhat painful since my feet hurt from walking all day with my bags, and I was able to make it there nonetheless.

 ### March 6 2026 - Friday

 I woke up early, so I could check out with plenty of time to see Himeji castle and this other Buddhist temple tucked away in the mountains which was featured in the movie 'The Last Samurai'. I walked to Himeji Castle and enjoyed seeing the area, but the Castle was absolutely stunning. It was exactly like I felt I had seen in Sekiro, a popular video game I had played a few years prior. I then wanted to go for a hike and not being afraid to walk that day, I then walked maybe 4 miles across town to a gondola line that takes you up to the temple on top of the mountain. Overall, I am glad that I decided to walk. I got to see some cool fish in a pond and stop by a random soba restaurant where I had to take my shoes off to eat on tatami mats. They immediately changed my server from the hostess that I normally waits you when you walk into a restaurant in Japan. It was funny to think that my original waitress had to rush into the kitchen surprised and say 'there's a foreigner here. Who has the best english here?'. I had a really good meal with some tempura and soba to some tranquil music and a view of a garden which felt like a luxury experience, but only ended up being around $20. Throughout the meal, some of the waitresses were in the back chatting and giggling alot. When I got up to leave they were staring right at me so I gave them a wave and a smile to which they shyly giggled back at eachother. They probably thought I was cute. I then paid my bill and chit chatted a bit with my waiter who had many questions which pointed back to her being confused that I was able to find that restaurant as a foreigner. The people were friendly and the food was good - would reccommend. I then continued on my walk and decided I needed to lock in on my hike and start making some actual progress on this urban hike. I dug in and for the next hour and 20 minutes I hauled myself to the cable car entrance for the mountain. 
 
 When I got there someone dressed like a monk told me that the line was down for maintainence, and that I would need to walk an hour to get to the temple. At this time it was currently around 3pm, 50 degrees Fahrenheit, and the forecaste called for 80% rain at 5pm. So I started walking fast. The hike up the mountain was tough and engaging with many exposed rocks and technical areas where I had to watch my footing but continue keeping pace. After a challenging hike up, I got to the top of the mountain where the trail calmed down and it felt like a normal walking trail. It was around 4pm at this time and I was feeling pressured to go see the monuments that I wanted since I had already gone that far, but I was at the same time feeling eager to leave, so I could try and avoid getting caught in the rain. I wandered around a bit and checked google to be sure that I saw all of the cool buildings. The cool thing about running it super close with the bad weather was that I was the only person at the temple at any given spot. That was cool for enjoying the architecture, but also felt a bit scary considering I was about 2 miles in the woods, alone, in a foreign country, with sunset and rain about to descend on me. Thus after seeing all that I wanted to see and taking all the pictures that I wanted, I tightened the straps of my backpack and held my laptop bag in a football carry and started running back on the easy second half of the mountain. I had to slow down on the rocky technical ascend on the mountain, but I made enough time back that I was able to descent the mountain and make it to a covered bus stop in the nearby town well before 5pm when the rain was set to arrive.

I then took the bus to the shinkansen station and ate some expensive beef at a Japanese bbq place right next door. Overall the experience was worth it. with 4% left on my phone, I then went to the wrong station and had to orient myself before heading to the right station and buying myself a ticket for the train to Fukuoka, which was the main city on the island of Kyushu. I bought a somewhat cheap ticket then got rejected by the turnstyle when I fed in my ticket. Turned out I had spend extra on a luxury traincar seat, and I needed to buy the general admission ticket to be allowed on the train. Upset that I needed to incur this hidden cost of a second ticket, I bought the ticket and went to what also seemed to be the right track with similar details, but the departure time was off by 2 minutes. 5 minutes before the train departure, I asked security where my train was, and they pointed me to a totally different track. I guess these inefficiencies in spending will come up when you need to learn how to operate in a foreign country, but these costs along with my bad luck with the China travel is starting to get frustrating. 

### March 7 2026 - Saturday

I woke up as early as I could around 7 and slowly got out of bed. I packed my things up which took like 2 seconds and tossed my favorite jeans when I noticed a hole in them. I will need to buy a new pair of jeans somewhere else. I decided I would try and go to a flower park with some famous views and hopefully see some blooming flowers. I got on the bus which took me in the right direction for a few stops then veered off into the country. I noticed this one stop on the first stop that I didn't want, but thought to myself 'let's let it ride'. 

So, I took the bus to the end of the line which put me about a mile away from the local reservoir with a nice hiking trail near it. I started walking and had to backtrack a few times when the sidewalk gave out and there was only highway left for me to traverse. I then aimed for a coffee shop and upon arriving, I saw a whole farmers market market of maybe a dozen stands in the middle of this Japanese suburb. I bought some good dried fruits after getting the coffee that original drew me to the area. I then looked at a bakery truck when a nice older lady started telling me in very broken English(still better English than my Japanese) about how good the food is. Who seemed to be her daughter responded said maybe 2 words to me in agreement with her mom, but she had a perfect accent, so I figured she spoke English. I started talking to her, and she responded in perfect English. Turned out the daughter was visiting from Canada with some other Japanese-Canadian friends where they were all showing off their hometowns to each other. The daughter and her friends were nice and it felt good to converse in english. They explained that the daughter's childhood friend ran the bread van, and he came out to meet me and say hi. After some chit-chat the group of friends had to go, so I collected their instagrams along with the bakery van owner's and headed off on my hike.

Google maps did me dirty multiple times today. The first time was when it directed me to a trail head that seemed to not exist. So I continued forward until I found the power station of the dam that was holding back the resrevoir. There was supposed to be a road or trail that ran along the reservoir, but the entrance to this path was chained and the signage was in Japanese, so I was unsure if the path was closed to all foot traffic or just bikes or cars. 

Nonetheless, I pushed forward when I noticed that the end of the road does not join with the hiking trail that I wanted to find. On Google maps, the trail was maybe 1 or 2 hundred yards away from the road that I was on, through the woods. This normally is not a problem. I reminded myself of all the time I spent playing in the woods when I was a little kid and how this would feel exactly like that. I then looked at the terrain I had to traverse to approach the hiking trail and found out that this was no kids game. The ground was pitched at about an  75 degree gradient, from my inspection. There were plenty of trees and branches for me to grab onto as I climbed this slope. After about a 30 minute ascent on what is not a hike but a climb, I found a trail and took in the view before starting on the trail. The nature and trees were beautiful and the density of flora was reminiscent of that of the American South East which I was most comfortable with. I continued on this hike, making it to two different peaks and enjoying the view and even seeing a couple sakura trees in their early bloom. After the second vista I then continued down and decided to take this rope path down a steep descent also alone. I noticed that several of the older hikers were wearing gloves, so it made sense that the path required me to grip a rope and tear up my hands a healthy amount. I continued down and eventually noticed that I was completely off the trail. The weather was fine and I had plenty of time in the day so I did not stress about this situation too much. Nonetheless the terrain was rather steep and unsteady, so I needed to be careful so as to not  strand myself in this middle of this nature preserve with some horrible injury. I descended steep drops with the ground sliding underneath me as I constantly held to trees and branches for support. Several times, the vegetation would clear way and I would have to jump or run down slopes and trust myself to regain control after making such a move. I did end up finding a marked trail, but it was unclear how it connected to the rest of the trail and it had me ascend and descend another mound with some more rope that delineated a path. I completed the descent and followed a tranquil stream through a bamboo forest until I came upon a small town with beautiful flower and fruit trees. I walked past while taking pictures and eventually connected myself to the bus system after a short walk into town.

I then got myself lunch at a ramen place - Fukuoka is famous for having invented tonkatsu ramen. At the restaurant, I had a great meal, and decided that I would be sleeping in Nagasaki that night. I then made for Nagasaki by train. I struggled to find my train having almost missed the train after searching for it for about 30 minutes. I then got onto the train just as it was departing and entered a cabin to see that it was a shinkansen train. I was stuck on the train and I needed to get to Nagasaki to sleep that night, but I did not have a ticket to be on that train. A conductor, eventually asked for my ticket and I explained my situation to him. He was simpathetic and said I could just buy the ticket there with cash. I had spend all my cash on dried fruits at the farmers market that morning. He then got me to buy the smallest ticket I could buy and instructed me to pay the rest of my ticket when I got to Nagasaki which I did. Finally, I was able to go to sleep in my cheap hotel. 

### March 8 2026 - Sunday

I was spending the morning in Nagasaki and I spent the night before scrolling instagram to see what was cool nearby. I learned that the famous town that had koi fish in the drainage canals was about a 2 hour train ride away, so that was my goal for the night. Without securing any lodging for the night, I left my hotel in Nagasaki and made for the Nagasaki peace park in commemoration of the atomic bombing of that city. Upon a closer look, the city looked to be rich with cultural history from Nagasaki having been the center of Japanese trade with Europe ever since its discovery by the continent. I was not able to dwell on this too long besides look at a few cool Dutch style houses and move on to the peace park which was on the way to Shimabara. I saw the park and flawlessly navigated the train system to get to Shimabara and look at the koi. When I got to Shimabara, I saw the castle and looked at the museum which normally is placed inside of the castles and saw a lot of interesting history about the catholic samurai who inhabitted the region. I then left and saw some koi ponds to which I joked to myself aloud in public "more like su-koi" after having acquired the Japanese word 'sugoi' which translates to excellent. I then got some rice dumplings in syrup water which I saw on instagram and had a few people thank me for coming all the way from America to visit their business. 

I then decided at this lunch decided that I would try to take a ferry across the bay to the nearby town of Kumamoto. I then walked over and only after getting on the ferry, did I book my hotel in the town of Kumamoto. After getting off the ferry, I had to deal with an hour long wait where I ended up chatting with a french backpacker. We were headed in the same direction and chatted the whole way to the metro station where we parted ways after getting some dinner. 

### March 9 2026 - Monday

I woke up in Kumamoto early and had booked a tour group to look at some of the nature in the area that originally drew me to the island of Kyushu. Turned out the tour was in Chinese when I thought it was going to be in Japanese which made little to no difference for me. I just wanted the ride to the see these natural sights. 

I rode on the bus and enjoyed the view for a while. We then made it to our first stop which was some tourist train which takes you on a ride through some scenic mountain views on a couple bridges. This was not a total tourist trap as the views were nice, but I would not have opted to do this while travelling freely. In line for the train, I got to chatting with another recent grad from a school in Malaysia. This guy was an electrical engineering student on a trip with his mom, and we had really good conversation throught the rest of the trip. It reminded me that it is special to get to talk to STEM type people especially in your own language. We went to Tacachiho gorge which was my main attraction and I got to eat the noodle style where they drop it down a little bamboo shoot with running water and you are supposed to catch it with your chop sticks. The meal was tasty and fun in my opinion and the noodles were sent down multiple times where you are supposed to catch just a bite sized piece and eat it. I ate that and had to immediately run back to the bus along a trail, praying I remembered the correct directions. I eventually got to the bus where my Malaysian friend had ordered me a horse meat skewer since I said I wanted to try it and he noticed I was running low on time. I actually enjoyed the horse meat for its tender texture and its flavor in between that of beef and pork. As for the ethical concerns, I believe cows are some of the most beautiful creatures on the Earth, and if I am fine eating cows then almost any other mammal is on the menu - except maybe dogs. We then saw a volcano by some plains which had wild horses and wicked cold winds. I took a picture while getting too close to a horse to which the horse promptly body checked me out of the way, while politely not killing me with a lethal kick. I then went home, got my new friends instagram and stayed another night in Kumamoto. 

### March 10 2026 - Tuesday

I woke up late, having let myself sleep in to catch up on some sleep lost the night before. I then tried to get to the Shinkansen station and got on the wrong train. After the train turned the wrong direction, I simply got off the train and started walking for the train station. On the way, I stopped by what is most likely the best coffee shop that I have ever been to. The coffee was excelent, the vibes were hip hop in a minimalist industrial warehouse, and the seasonal sakura mochi was delicious but not overpowering in richness or sweetness. I complimented the workers and got on my way. 

I took the Shinkansen to Fukuoka, where I placed my things in a public coin locker and then went to the boat racing track - I am guessing that boat racing places are called a track. I then proply bet 1000 yen or about 6 usd on each race and then lost basically all of my bets. Finally, I had spent the last of my yen except for enough to cover dinner at a a food stall in the famous food stall street in Fukuoka. I got some nice ramen at an outdoor food stall and chatted up a pair of Phillipina sisters. I got their instagrams and left from my apartment that night. At the train station, I then decided that I would be staying in Hiroshima that night because it was cheaper than Fukuoka and it was on the way to Osaka where I needed to catch my flight. I then excecuted this plan and got to sleep in Hiroshima with no hiccups. 

### March 11 2026 - Wednesday

I woke up in hiroshima and went to see Hiroshima castle. The castle was standard for what I had seen so far, but the koi in the inner moat of the castle were spectacular. I then looked at all of the bomb memorial stuff and bought some knick-knacks before heading out to Osaka. I then took a shinakansen train to Osaka and visited Dontonbouri, a famous market and restaurant street where I ate plenty of food. I then went to my hotel which I picked by the airport and slept for my early morning the following day. 

### March 12 2026 - Thursday

## Location 4 - Hong Kong

I woke up around 4:20am to hopefully get to the airport around 5am for my 8am flight. I packed and double checked my materials before leaving and got to the airport around 5:30am after printing some documents at a 7/11 just in case. I search around for my airline and after 30 minutes, I was unable to find terminal 2, there was only North and South terminals. Then I looked closer and noticed that Osaka had two airports and I was at the wrong one. I was definitely going to miss my flight. I still had to make it to Hong Kong to make my reservation, so I made my way to the correct airport and on the way booked another flight for as cheap as I could get that afternoon. The ticket only ended up being a little over $100 so the cost wasn't that bad monetarily, but I still felt terrible for screwing myself over so hard with my own failing. I arrived extra early for my flight and waited around 5 hours for my 5 hour flight to Hong Kong. I sat next to a british banker and a young asian woman who I hope was his wife. They spoke to each other like they had just met and the woman kept on leaning and grabbing at the banker. I didn't want to ask about the nature of this WMAF relationship, so I ignored their crigey PDA throughout the flight like I did so many times to theatre kids in high school. Other than that, the flight was perfect. I then got off and went to my hotel where I am presently writing the last few days of this journal racing to finish this before my laptop dies. The outlets changed shape, so I am unsure if I will be able to get the proper adapter for plugging in my laptop charger. Much more importantly, I need to find a charging brick that will convert an outlet into a usb-c port to plug in my charging cable. It feels likely that I can make this happen before my phone dies, but if my phone does die then I really have to figure things out. Turned out the first store outside of my hotel had a universal adapter, so for a reasonable premium, I bought the universal adapter with all the cables and port selections so that I will never have to deal with all that again.

### March 13 2026 - Friday

I woke up and snagged a great view of Kowloon Penninsula from my hotel roof. I then went and got a michellin star breakfast and tea for $20 and then walked around a bit until I stumbled across a michelin star lunch for another $20. I spent a bunch of time figuring out how to add money to my local digital money service octopus. I prefer not to carry too much cash, so I tried to use this card as much as possible. The card ended up functioning exactly like cash, but there was an extra step where after I took out cash from an ATM, I then had to give it to a convenience store to transfer the funds to my digital wallet which was conveniently on my phone. After this, my phone worked to pay for all restaurants, shopping, and public transportation. I then took the train to Kowloon Penninsula, where I walked through Mong Kok market and drank tea. I then walked past the neighborhood of Austin, Hong Kong simply because of the name and was surprised by all of the illicit sex and smoke accessories there were. 

I then went home and rested for a bit before talking myself into going out alone. I decided on a live music bar and ended up meeting a native Hong Kong American dude who had some business involving crypto in the city. I noticed some really large crowds around the bars as well.

### March 14 2026 - Saturday

Happy Pi day! I got up and kinda wandered around Hong Kong. I went to a traditional tea shop where you get multiple steeps of the same leaves which was super interesting and relaxing while also giving me the caffeine that wanted. I thought it was difficult not to over-caffeinate myself because of all the delicious tea and coffee drinks throughout the city. My favorite and most enterntaining drink was boba milk tea with a shot of espresso - because the tea obviously did not have enough caffeine. I then walked around graffiti alley and saw a bunch of cool street art until I went home to my hotel. I went to get dim sum and accidentally ordered too much food then ate it all. I then learned about a local pop up chess event at a nearby bar and figured I would check it out. I went and promptly got my butt kicked in every game. At the event, I met a really interesting and attractive med student who barely won against me in two games of a chess variant. I didn't get her contact, so now I can beat myself up about that. 

### March 15 2026 - Sunday

This was going to be the last night of my stay in Hong Kong. I went to a trendy looking cafe and got a breakfast before going to another cafe. I then went back to Mong kok market to go back and buy some souveniers for my mom and sister in the women's market. I got some really funny looks from the shop owners when I was buying women's apparel, but maybe that was because I was not haggling the prices down. I would walk on some above road walkways and see the entire walkway lined with Phillipinas having a picnic on tarps and mats. You could see them eating and doing karaoke - the main reason I could identify them as Phillipina. On top of that there were only around 3 men in these crowds that I counted of the several hundred women. 

I walked back to my place and rested for a bit before going to view the city of lights nightly event across Hong Kong island. I ended up staying there for around 2 hours arguably making this my favorite skyline to veiw. I then made a local friend and visited a nearby rooftop bar before they showed me a popular club which had a good vibe despite it being a sunday night. 

## Location 5 - Vietnam


### March 16 2026 - Monday

I woke up as late as I could and got a coffee and breakfast at a local chain before relaxing in a nearby park for a few hours and then going to the airport for Hanoi. I then went to the airport with no issue and got to the airport with plenty of time on top of the plane being delayed about an hour.

I sat down on the plane next to a pair of Swedish high school grads who were on a trip through SE Asia and we chatted for about half of the 3 hour flight. They gave me plenty of tips because this was actually one of the Swedish dude's second time entering Vietnam and they ended up letting me join them in their cab to the city. We then got to the party district where the pair was staying in a hostel and I ordered a mo-ped to come pick me up and take me to my hotel after finding and using an ATM to get the cash to pay the mo-ped driver. I then tried to pay the driver and he did not have the necessary bills to give me change, so he took me to a convenience store where I bought a bottle of water and had the store owner give me the bills I needed for change. I then checked into my hotel and learned that they overbooked, so they were giving me a partial refund and sending me to another hotel room. I did not care because all I needed was a place to sleep. They also called me a taxi. I got to my hotel room which cost me around $20 a night and it turned out to have a view of one of the central lakes in Hanoi with a full king sized bed and plenty of floor space that was easily quadruple the size of a Hong Kong or Japanese hotel room. 

### March 17 2026 - Tuesday

I woke up for my first and only full day in Hanoi. 

### March 18 2026 - Wednesday 

I woke up still a little drunk and felt really bad waking up. Nonetheless, I needed to check out and make my way to Cat Ba island. I struggled to book the ticket and figure out the timing of when I would need to be where for the bus to pick me up. Turns out I needed to get to one of like 20 meeting spots where a person would take me to the bus that would get me to the island. I then had some time to kill and hoped that some coffee and breakfast would help me feel better. I walked around and went into a cafe that had a few cute street dogs outside of the cafe. I ended up drinking a good coffee and chatting with the owner through google translate. We chatted about her dogs and they were super adorable. One was a mother and another was a daughter, and the daughter's name was 'meo' which translated to deformed - lol. I asked for a good breakfast spot and she suggested a banh mi stand a few blocks down. I bought a banh mi and then got one more coffee before heading back to my hotel, so I could grab my bags and order a mo-ped to take me to the pickup spot. I went to the pickup spot and waited for a few minutes and shopped for some new socks at a local store. I learned to do the typical haggling that is expected in these kinds of street vendors, but I only go back and forth maybe one or two times. I would feel bad running such a hard bargain for these people making their livelihood when I already feel like I am getting a good deal. I met the guy who then took me to the bus pickup on the back of his mo-ped while I carried my bags and I simply got on the bus. 

The bus ride took about 3 hours and I ended up chatting a bunch with a dutch solo traveler on the way to the island. 

I arrived at Cat ba island and quickly struck up a conversation with another pair of Swedish travelers. We went for dinner and got drinks and did trivia. I then went to bed at a reasonable time, but my sleep was disrupted with food poisoning like symptoms that I blamed on the banh mi from that morning. I was completely unable to sleep and keep going back to the toilet every 50 minutes. 

### March 19 2026 - Thursday

I hardly slept the night before and I tried to sleep in as much as I could to get back some of the sleep that I lost. Eventually, I left to let the cleaning ladies clean up the space. I hung out with some folks in the lobby of the hostel and continued struggling with my illness. A pair of the new arrivals that we were chatting shared that they also had the same symptoms and timeline for their illness which was in fact not food poisoning but noro-virus. This made sense because most of the intense symptoms subsided after 10 hours which is not the case for food poisoning in my experience. 

Thankfully, I knew that in the next day or two I would feel back to normal, and I was already started to regain some of my strength and energy, but my appetite was completely destroyed. I then rented a towel from the hostel and started slowly making my way to the nearest beach. On the way I wanted to stop, so I went to a cafe and ordered a coconut coffee. It was delicious but heavy and creamy which was not what I needed at this moment. I finished the drink because it was tasty, and I facetimed my sister for a quick second. 

I finished my drink and then actually made it to the beach. I didn't like the crowd so much, so I walked along a nearby trail to a much more secluded beach. There were maybe a dozen people on the beach and it was great for me to lie down and vege out just like I now needed to do. I didn't think to get sunscreen so I got a slight burn on my body, but it is healing quick. On my way from the beach, I asked this woman who was taking an absorbitant amount of photos if she could help me take a photo of this spot where I was seeing a bunch of really attractive Viet girls taking their photos. Going to scenic spots like this always reminds me that Asian women take their photos seriously. The woman ended up being some kind of slavic and we had to communicate through google translate. She ended up agreeing to take some photos of me with the view that I was looking for. She was obviously really skilled with this and got me some really good photos. I then took some moving videos of her running along the beach which I hope she was happy with. I then struggled to walk myself home to the hostel and got in bed. I wanted to get a massage to clear up some knots in my back, but I ended up falling asleep after trying not to avoid that. I woke up to karaoke downstairs in the bar around 8pm and knew I was not getting to sleep again, I did not want to get out of bed, and I was afraid of spreading my noro-virus at the bar. I weighed my options and ran into the Swedish duo from the night before where they were rather scared of catching noro-virus from me in anticipation of their upcoming plans to travel the hai-long loop. 

I spent some time writing my blog and am now going to bed. 

### March 20 2026 - Friday

I woke up feeling completely healthy besides my full body sunburn from the prior day and so increadibly pleased for that to be the case. For the past two days I was either sick or horribly hungover and this feeling of clarity was extremely welcome. It was early enough that I was able to gather my things and get everything set for me to check out before booking another hotel that night in cat ba to make up the lost sick day. I then checked out and also booked a morning to afternoon tour to go deep water soloing later in the morning. Deep water soloing is just rock climbing on rocks that overhang deep water so when you fall, it is into water and does not injure you. Then I got a reasonably high quality breakfast before being summoned by the hostel desk worker to the tour company. 

They had me do all of the paper work of signing a waiver and fitting my climbing shoes and then we were directed into various transportation and places to go on the tour. Our group filled up the boat and we went chatted while enjoying the scenery on our way to the rock. We had a good time going up the climbs and I could feel that I really pushed my forearms and back muslces by the end of the climbing. We then went to a floating restaurant where we ate fish and all kinds of vietnamese food and I ended up sitting next to a Physics PHD student working on quantum computing research. We had a really nice chat and I got her instagram, so maybe this contact will be useful if I find myself in Europe in the future. A bunch of us then shared contacts to share pictures and we all left the trip.

I then went home and rested for a while wondering what should I do with the rest of my day. I then got a text from the only Japanese fellow I met on the boat and I set up dinner plans between us and another traveler from the boat. We got dinner and it was pretty good. We obviously payed tourist prices, but even the rip off prices in vietnam are cheap for us. We then carried onto a bar and hung out for a drink or two. We then saw some fun little carts that we could rent on a nearly empty paved courtyard, so we rented them because they looked like fun. We took pictures and rode them around and it was as much fun as the carts looked. On our way home from riding the carts we saw a bar that also looked like fun, so I talked them all into going to the bar where we played pool and listened to western style club music. After all this, we sat outside of a banh mi stall and I brought up the idea of catching the sunrise atop a nearby peak. The group was interested, so we all went right to bed because we all now needed to wake up at 5am for a hike the morning after. 

### March 21 2026 - Saturday


We all woke up at 5am and went hiking and saw a decend view of the sunrise. The landscape was spectacular, however the weather was overcaste, so it was just barely worth not sleeping to see the sunrise. We then descended the peak and got breakfast with coffee and discussed our plans for the day. It was my last day so I needed to set off a few errands to run, but besides that I had most of my day free. I then went and ran a few errands in about 2 hours and was free to rejoin our group around 11am. We got back together and decided to rent mopeds and go around the island and see all of the nature and different parks that we found. 

We ended up figuring out the mopeds and being able to leave the more crowded town before getting to the national park of Cat Ba with all of the spectacular views and beautiful weather to compliment it. We rode around for a while before stopping at a cave where we were the only guests viewing the cave which made for a great experience. After the cave, we stopped at a restaurant for the park and got some lunch before heading off and continuing our ride. We went across the island enjoyed the scenery and then returned in time to get a light early dinner and have all of us catch our rides off the island. 

After dinner, I went and finished up the last of my errands and was able to catch the pickup zone for my sleeper bus which was supposed to take me to Da Nang. The pickup point brought me onto a car, which brought me onto a boat, which brought me to another boat, which brought me to yet another car where I finally made it to the sleeper bus where I would spend the night and wake up in Da Nang around 10am. The bus stopped periodically, so we could use the bathroom and I was able to get a good 7 hours of sleep largely because I had slept 3 hours the night before. My compartment was similar to the capsule I would sleep in at the capsule hotel, so beside the bouncing of the bus, I was very comfortable in this accomodation. 

### March 22 2026 - Sunday

I woke up and enjoyed the scenery for about 3 hours before getting left at a random point in the middle of Da Nang. I knew what to do and simply grabbed myself a grab bike to take me to my hotel. I then checked in and I then decided to go out for some coffee. I hopped between two stores, the first was a standard coffee shop and the second turned out to be a viet kong themed chain cafe in Vietnam. The Viet Kong themed cafe was named 'Kong' and had really good vietnamese coffee with frozen coconut drinks, almost like a frappuccino. As I sipped my coffee I looked for my next activity where I then decided to do a little shopping at a nearby market, Han market. 

The market turned out to have all kinds of items ranging from chop sticks and souvenirs on the first floor to all kinds of clothes on the second floor. The building took up maybe a single city block but was jam packed with wares of the various sales people and even the second floor had huge racks of clothes owned by local merchants where the local merchants would walk on top of the clothes over 10 feet over the ground. I bought chops sticks, some crochet, and a Vietnamese coffee maker before moving onto the second floor. I shopped for a few shirts, but mostly was looking for shorts that I could take to the beach. The prices were just so cheap that I was tempted to buy a few shirts with the Asian styled centered knotted buttons. On top of that I did find a pair of shorts that worked well with the shirts I was buying and some pants for a ridiculously cheap price. Note that this price was almost definitely a price that the merchants believed to be somewhat exhorbitant from their point of view as well. I then went back to my hotel to drop off my wares. 

I then changed into my new climate appropriate clothes and went out for dinner and go see the town. I wandered around looking for a good restaurant and eventually came across a salon. I walked in and pointed to the cute girl behind the counter the haircut and shave. Turned out I did not request a haircut but a shampooing and ended up wasting a whole 4 dollars. Nonetheless the shampooing felt great and was basically a scalp massage on top of the cleaning and shaving, so it was not a waste by any means. I then left and followed some crowd into a good banh mi place and ate dinner.

 I then walked along the river while spectating all the dance groups and street musicians with the costal city as a beautiful backdrop. Eventually, I made it to the mouth of the dragon which was scheduled to breathe fire and water starting at 8. I took some pictures and enjoyed the chaotic and graceful flow of mopeds as they streamed by the road. The dragon did its thing to the amusement of the crowd and sprayed water at the end to make all the kids in crowd scream with joy. After which, I went to the town and ordered some street food and drinks. I ended up getting a grilled sausage and a durian empanada and wandered around a bit more to take in the street musicians. 

 ### March 23 2026 - Monday

 I previously had taken some advice from the Scottish guy from Cat ba and signed up for a coffee class in Da Nang. I ended up being the only person who signed up for the class, so the whole experience really ended up being me paying for a date with the teacher who was an English speaking Vietnamese girl from Hanoi. The experience wasn't awkward like I would normally think, and we just ended up sipping coffee and chatting and also ended up touching on the main points that she goes over in her prepared presentation. Afterward, I got the hosts whatsapp, so she could share recipes with me. She also mentioned her plans to make her own coffee class studio, so I offered to leave a good review to help her get started.

 After the class, I struggled to find an ATM to get some cash which I eventually succeeded to do and then wandered into a random pho restaurant. This place was not geared to tourists hence it was the best pho I had during my whole stay in Vietnam. I was the only person there sitting on a plastic chair and got a huge portion of noodles and beef. I then got a grab bike to take me to my hotel where I changed and then went to a beach side calithenics park.

 The park ended up being rather underwhelming. It only had a pull up bar and some raised stones for deep push ups. I still used this gym to its maximum capacity and did in total 100 pull ups and 100 deep push ups throughout the day. I felt a little tired half way through so I rehydrated with a $2 coconut, ate some banh mi and took a nap on the beach before finishing up my set. After my set, I took a dip in the water and took a long walk on the beach. Eventually, I crossed a nice cabana and got myself a mojito to watch the sunset on the beach. Leaving the cabana, I ended up chatting with some local dudes. The conversation was fairly uninteresting, but one thing that stood out to me was that this Vietnamese guy was talking about how much he wants to move to 'Saigon'. I called him out on his technical error in using the historical name for Ho Chi Minh City, but he shrugged it off as to say 'whatever'. Personally, I support this because Saigon is easier to say then HCMC. This contrasts with the coffee class teacher who made a point about calling the city HCMC and not Saigon even though she was teaching me about the recipe for 'ca phe saigon'.  

 ### March 24 2026 - Tuesday

 I woke up early this day so that I could go for a run along the beach and see what the sunrise and people in the morning was like. The beach walk was crowded at 6am with dance groups and runs and plenty of beachgoers enjoying the water along with fishermen sending off in their coconut boats. I also went to the beachfront cafe after my run which was noticably active at 7:30am. It felt nice to find an Asian country that woke up early unlike Japan and Hong Kong. I then cafe hopped around a bit and looked for something to fill the rest of my day until my flight to Ho Chi Minh City. 
 
 I got a bunch of random drinks and decided to splurge and get an $8 massage. Maybe it was not as good of an idea to get a massage with sore muscles from my workout the previous day, but I wanted to be sure I got a massage before leaving Vietnam. The massage was nice and about what I expected. It was funny to me how the masseuse hardly spoke English, understandably so, thus when she wanted me to sit up she would struggle to push me into an upright position until I noticed that she wanted me to sit up or rotate which would normally take a decent amount of time - lol. I then finished my massage and left right for the airport to catch my flight. My flight left a little late, but the flight only lasted about an hour and half, so I still got to HCMC at a reasonable time. The flight time was a big decider in me taking the flight since I was strongly considering taking a sleeper train to get some views of the country and the experience of riding a Vietnamese sleeper train. The sleeper train ended up taking 20 hours which I was not willing to give up for an overnight train with views of darkness. 

 Anyhow, I got to HCMC and got myself a ride to the wrong hotel with the same name as my hotel and ended up walking across town to my hotel. I ended up getting upgraded to the VIP suite where I got ladder access to the roof and a decent view of HCMC. 

 ### March 25 2026 - Wednesday

 The one thing I knew HCMC was famous for was its beatiful cafes, so I made sure wake up early to hit as many cafes as I could. I started with a trendy photogenic cafe, then went to a random hole in the wall cafe, neither of which really impressed me. Finally, I went to a koi pond cafe which totally blew me away. The entire floor of the cafe was a koi pond with table in little tubs sunk into the koi pond with footpaths in stone through the koi pond. A place like this definitely violates multiple regulations in the US, but its absolute majesty is undeniable. Not to mention the construction that was an even more blaring taunting of the entire notion of safety regulation where I saw a vietnamese man smoking while standing on a swivel bar stood in flip flops, khaki shorts, and small lensed sun glasses weld additions to the cafe where I was able to clearly see the arc of the welding gun from certain angles as a patron. I then finished my meal and enjoyed the koi for a moment before carrying on to the next thing in HCMC. 

 I walked to a nearby park where I wandered by a pho place and got lunch. Pho is everywhere, so I can reliably plan to walk by some to get lunch any given day. The park contained Vietnam's independence hall which was the old presidential palace of during the American presense of the South of the country. The museum was mostly focused on the history of building and on memorializing the victory of the Communists in unifying Vietnam. After the museum I went to another market with noticably worse prices and much less price flexibility. I still bought a bunch of good clothes which hilariously had a labels "made in France" and a cross body bag. 

 I then went home to rest and charge my phone before deciding to go to the largest building in the city. There was likely a tourist attraction there, I figured. I booked a grab bike during rush hour which was an intesting experience driving during rush hour on a moped in HCMC. I then got to the tower where my driver was noticably excited to collect a fee of the equivalent of $3. I then went into the tallest building which had a really nice mall in the bottom six or seven floors. I was then able to walk around and appreciate the ice ring in the middle of a Saigon mall(I like to use this name). I then went to the top floor and enjoyed the nighttime view of the city before going down and eating korean hot pot which was a pretty big let down. Afterward I went to a nearby park and wandered around and took in the breathtaking view of the Landmark 82(the tower).

 ### March 26 2026 - Thursday

 My last full day in Vietnam started at a nearby cafe with a loose book in the cafe. I then moved onto the trendy cafe apartments where I hopped around cafes and thought about my overuse of the word cafe - cafe. There was another tall building with impressive architecture nearby where I went around and tried to get to the roof with no luck. I then went to the proper Vietnam war museum. The museum was powerful with all of its exhibits about the warcrimes and hardships that had to be endured in Vietnam during their period of American Imperialism. I avoided taking pictures because of how intense many of the exhibits were about things like agent orange and the many simply violent acts that were done against innocent people. 

 After this I went to my hotel to recharge and I got a little tea on the way. I then walked to the bar district and spent some time at a hostel playing cards and waiting for a bar crawl to start. The bar crawl was filled with a bunch of europeans and felt exactly the same as the Cat Ba hostel, so I left after a bit and went to my hotel.

## Location 6 - China

 ### March 27 2026 - Friday

 I had some food poisoning or was exposed to noro-virus again at the hostel because I spent the night throwing up and severely dehydrated. I was not about to cancel my China plans twice because of sickness and this illness likely did not even elevate my temperature, so I decided to try and tough it out and make it to Shenzhen on my planned flight. I had a mo-ped take me to the airport and I made my way to my flight. I ended up eating a burger since it was comfortable and I was afraid I would struggle to retain any foreign food. I then bought some mangos and boarded my plane to Shanzhen. The flight was uneventful, and I got off to go through immigration. When I went to immigration and asked for the transit visa whose conditions I definitely satisfied, I was pointed to another desk which then pointed me to another desk and so on about 5 more times. Ultimately, I was told to wait for 45 minutes at some green chairs for someone to help me. A girl in a vest came around and asked me questions and then said she could not help me because of my airline. After about 30 more minutes of waiting some woman arrived in the same situation as me. We chatted about traveling and the visa situation, and it seemed like we were the only people in the past hour to have tried to use the visa free transit travel permit. Ultimately they had someone in a vest come over and fill out a single page of information which I could then give to the immigration officer to be let into China. After dealing with that whole process and feeling boarderline sick the whole time I needed to rest. I booked an Uber across the city for $20 and went right to bed. 

 ### March 28 2026 - Saturday

 I woke up and had no idea what to do. I decided to just wander around and go to a cool park and try to see the cool LED light show at sunset. I wandered around a train station and got some random bites of dumplings, bao and tea. I then made my way to the library where I would, hopefully, be able to find a book that is written in English and hang out for the afternoon. I was kinda shocked to see how busy the library was on this Saturday afternoon. The public area was almost completely used up with kids studying out of their practice books only comparable to finals week or 5pm at GT's library. I then took some pictures and wandered into a large pavilion with live music. I listened to music and got some food which I did not understand but loved. I then went to some nearby event which ended up being an English language presentation competition advertising different regions of the city to an international English speaking audience. Funny enough the entire international English speaking audience was just myself. I learned all of this when I went up to an event volunteer and tried to ask what was up with the event. She slightly freaked out and got her one friend who did speak English to come chat with me about what was happening to which a large crowd gathered to watch us have a conversation in English. The volunteer then recommended I go hang out at a nearby book bar and return to see the competition around 3:30pm. I did just that and had a nice white tea while reading one of my favorite math blogs on my phone before coming back. The presentations ranged were decent and I disagreed with some of the scorings, but the event was interesting to watch especially given I was the only English speaker in the crowd. After the presentations, I went up to one of the competitors and complimented her English to start a conversation. We chatted a bit and eventually she ended up calling me handsome to which I responded with the Mandarin phrase for "give me your WeChat", and she actually gave me her WeChat.

 I stayed around the area and saw an LED show on the skyscrappers of the city and had dinner. I then went home and felt mild stomach issues which caused me to stay in. 

 ### March 29 2026 - Sunday

 This was my last full day in China and I got a late start. I decided to go hang out at a nearby mall which looked popular. They ended up having a ton of displays for Chinese EV's which I thought were super exciting to see. Afterwards, I wandered around and landed at a tea shop where I hung out for a good minute playing phone chess. 

 I then left for the markets at Dongmen street. Things were pretty fun and lively with lots of Chinese EDM playing outside stores and street food stands yelling to get your attention. I got a tea and some skewers then walked around a bit more to shop for some gifts to bring back. While wandering around I beckoned into a skincare salon which I did have some intention of visiting. It turned out that they did blemish and mole removals. I didn't mind the idea of removing my moles and I wanted to roll the dice on some Chinese skin care, so I got the treatment. Most of the small freckles and blemishes that I got removed were just burned and left me with a small black spot around the blemish which at the time of writing this has healed over with perfect unmarked skin. They also removed some larger moles which left a large hole in my face which is still healing, but making good progress. On my way out, I opted for anti-scar cream and bought some face lotions as a gift for my mother. 

 I did not really want to go out with a large hole in my face, so I just went back to my hotel and had a quiet night before leaving.


## Location 7 - Taiwan


 ### March 30 2026 - Monday

 I woke up at a leisurely pace, packed myself then booked my hotel for the evening before going to the airport and left for Taiwan with no issues. I landed in the Taipei airport and left for my hotel near Taipei. I took the train, but soon learned that Ubers are cheap in Taipei, so I then took one to get me the rest of the way to my hotel. After checking in and settling in, I found a michelin recognized goose restaurant and went there for my evening. I chatted to someone in the line about the menu which was exclusively written in Taiwanese. After talking for a bit, the girl that I was talking to had her husband show up and invite me to join. We ended up sharing a good meal and they kept on offering me liver, intestine, blood cake and all kinds of weird stuff. They offered to drive me home, so I got into these strangers car and they took me to a night market that was in the neighborhood close to where I was staying. I wandered around the night market and bought the only thing that my depleted cash reserves could buy which was just a papaya milk shake. 

 ### March 31 2026 - Tuesday

 I woke up at a normal hour and just went straight to Taipei 101 where I expected there to be a mall or some commercial area nearby where I could get some caffeine and a bite for breakfast. I wandered around the mall that took up the first 4 or so floors of the building and found this luxurious Singaporean tea restaurant with white table cloths and everything which only cost $30 USD for the fancy tea, breakfast, and pastries. I then went up to the observation deck of Taipei 101 which was a great view on a slightly cloudy day. The most impressive part of the building was definitely the elevator which took you to the top of the building in just a few seconds. At the top, I looked for finger prints leftover from Alex Honnold's recent climb up the exterior of the building which I believe I found. I then wandered around some shopping areas where I tried to find more gifts to bring home and bought myself some tea and some dim sum. After calling it on the area around Taipei 101, I then went towards the night market that was famous for having been visited by Jensen Huang of NVidia. Near that market there was a clothing district which just was a block of wholesale clothes sellers with a single room acting as the whole store. The clothes were increadibly fasionable and very cheap with a leather jacket costing me only $15 USD. I then went to the market after buying an amount of clothes that I was concerned would not fit in my bag. The market had at its entrance a large ornamental budhist temple which was also a popular tourist location which I then took a picture with. I bought 4 different food and drinks at the night market and loved everything that I got. I then went home and decided to get up early to make myself a little sleep deprived for my flight home the following day, so as to ensure that I will sleep on my flight. 

 ### April 1 2026

 The morning of my return flight I went to the city to go to a famous authentic looking restaurant. On my way, I noticed several food stands selling these crepe pancakes things and a reliable 2 or 3 people eating at each of them. I decided that this seemed more authentic, and ordered a meal from the next stand that I saw. This included a bowl of warmed rice milk and the pancake.

 ## Thoughts

 #### Tokyo - Loneliness and imperminence contextualizes relationship and longevity (working)

 The capsule hotel era in Tokyo was a worthwhile and mostly pleasant experience. That being said, it was still remarkably lonely. Not just the kind of lonely that you feel in an empty elevator or when you go out on your own in nature, but this felt more analogous to the lonely you feel at a party where you know nobody and feel unable to enter any ongoing conversations and thus build any connection. Tokyo is highest population city in the world - by all accounts the biggest party -, yet I likewise felt completely unable to connect to anyone.
 
  I know many people who would instinctually and almost joyously point out my own culpability in the inadequecy of these connections. It's almost certain that if I knew to go to the right place, approached more people and had the most charming remarks then I would have undoubtedly made friends. 


  It feels like the more people you see, the less you see people. When you interact with thousands of people as passerby's and patrons, you economize these interactions in terms of your mental and emotional investment. Spread out over thousands of people, I can hardly blame any individual for not caring about me particularly as the 817th patron of their cafe.

 ### Himeji Castle - How lucky we are (working)

 At Himji Castle I was struck not so much by the undeniable beauty of the castle, but by the amount of cute old couples on tours of the castle and the aparent significance that visiting this castle holds to many of these sextasentarians. Normally, I would be dissapointed in myself for attending an old person activity as a sign that I am growing uninteresting and low energy. However, when I looked at the older couples visiting the castle, I saw that this was obviously a lifetime experience for the couples to come to Japan and get to see the majesty of the castle in person. It really struck me that through both my efforts and the efforts of those who support me, I was able to gain this kind of a once in a lifetime experience casually on my trip through Asia. 
 
 This reminded me of the reddit post that quotes a dying girl who fondly remembers her life as being happy and pleasant because of she had eaten berries a handful of times. This now laughably simple pleasure reminds me of the luxury that our modern life affords us especially to myself. Now I can consider these old couples who undoubtedly view their lives as being substatially more complete after having seen Himeji Castle, an experience I was fortunate enough to have acheived in my mid twenties in near perfect health. By most accounts, I have had enough pleasant experiences to last one if not multiple lifetimes and it is moving to consider the further luxuries that my futures holds not just for me, but for me to offer to those who I choose to share my life with.

