# Sports Betting

## Description, Motivation and Disclaimer

Sports betting is the act of gambling on the outcome of sporting events. This is outlawed in many states, but it is legal in Colorado where I am residing for the month of January.

 Sports betting is one of the worst addictions affecting American society. From my experience, American society gives little to no sympathy for those affected by this addiction. It seems that it is often reasoned that those suffering from gambling addiction are not psychologically or physically compromised, like with drug and alcohol addiction, so the harmful effects of gambling that are felt by the gambler and those around them are solely due to a personal failure of the gambler. This contrasts with the more sympathetic view where a gambler is instead viewed as being a victim of a predatory industry that is designed to exploit the reward mechanisms in our brains.
 
  I believe both of these perspectives to somewhat be correct. On a personal level, it is obviously the role of the individual to make rational decision with his/her money and to not harm themselves and those around them. A rational individual should reason to not trust a known gambling addict with their money and someone harmed by another's gambling addiction is not unjustified being upset with someone who harmed them. It does however seem that more sympathy could be given to those suffering from gambling addiction given literature suggests the existence of biological markers that leave an individual more vulnerable to gambling addiction. Thus gambling addicts seem to have a physiological vulnerability which is being exploited by sportsbooks. Gambling is still a relatively young industry in the US, only being decriminalized federally in 2018, so it seems that our collective understanding of gambling and gambling addiction is likely inadequate. 

  Societally, I believe the decriminalization of gambling is an obvious moral failure of lawmakers to expose their constituents to gambling and risk the development of harmful gambling addiction within their states. Furthermore, it is noticably nefarious for the gambling industry to lobby as agressively as it does to exploit the gambling tendencies of the human brain, and create apps that are as gamified as possible to limit the cognitive friction from individuals to make bets that overall harm the financial well being of their users.
 
 Furthermore, gambling addiction is shown to dispraportionately affect men, like myself. I understand that I need to treat gambling as the dangerous and hazardous activity that it is to prevent myself from falling to this addiction and harming my financial and psychological well being. That being said, I am legally only allowed to gamble while in Colorado during the month of January 2026, and arbitraging and positive EV strategies are liable to get me banned from sports books once they catch on that they are loosing money with my gambling. Furthermore, I am specially trained in my masters program to model risk similar to gambling problems(math problems not behavior problems) and identify profitable opportunities in these markets. This experience will also make for a valuable experience handling and mitigating variance in situations where profit presents itself as I go into a career as a trader. In my upcoming career, I will also be assessing profitable opportunities in volatile environments. I will not rely on 'knowing ball' and 'making the right picks'. Overall, I will be playing the numbers for risk free profit whose variance I will hedge away in seperate accounts.

 Now that the morality and rationality of me gambling is covered, so I don't accidentally promote this addictive activity to any of my relatives(especially the younger ones) lets talk about the fun stuff: MATH.
